1	£1 must be staked on Willie Mullins to have a winning horse in the Gold Cup.
2	£27 million facility at Altens was built using the latest technology at the time.
3	£40 for a year of issues.
4	• 42% of teens say they’ve heard some or more about ChatGPT,but only 13% say they’ve used it at school.
5	A $26 million senior center is being built on Highway 80. Homeowners are remodeling their homes and are determined to stay.
6	A $90K down payment would be a hefty, but it is possible for a huge section of Millennials, especially, if they had started a few years earlier with a very modest home at $150,000.
7	A 14cm ovarian cyst was found – one of several cysts that would develop as time went on.
8	A 16-year-old boy was shot in the 4500-block of South Ashland Avenue at about 7:11 p.m. Police said the teen was inside a car when he was shot in the abdomen.
9	A 19-year-old man﻿ was arrested after attending Wollongong Police Station about 3.20pm today.
10	A1 - Paul Marazzi, Christian Ingebrigtsen, Mark Read and Ben - had huge success in the late 90s and early noughties, selling millions of records and winning a Brit for Best Breakthrough Act.
11	A 2021 study found that walking after every meal for 10 to 15 minutes reduced gastrointestinal problems in adults with a history of stomach bloating.
12	A 2022 American Psychological Association poll found that 25% of U.S. adults say they are too stressed to function.
13	“A 23-year-old Palestinian terrorist shot three innocent civilians in Tel Aviv.
14	A 24-year-old Muir of Ord man who was so badly injured after an attack he needed to be treated in the intensive care unit of Raigmore Hospital.
15	• A303, from 8pm December 11 to 6am December 20, moderate delays (10-30 minutes): A34 both directions Bullington to Highclere, carriageway and lane closures for structures inspection.
16	A 3.5mm-to-USB-C cord lets you plug the PI7's charging case into any analog audio source.
17	A 38-year-old man was shot in the lower back and right foot and is in critical condition.
18	AAron Ontiveroz, The Denver Post Garett Bolles (72) of the Denver Broncos stands on the field before the first half against the Las Vegas Raiders at Allegiant Stadium on Sunday, Dec. 26, 2021.
19	A band called Easy Life says it will change its name - after being threatened with legal action by the parent company of no-frills airline easyJet.
20	Abbey-Rose O'Toole, Peta Schulte, Gracie Saunders, Emma Preece and Laura Robinson have each made the scoresheet.
21	Abdullah failed to stop at the scene - continuing in his bad driving and eating his food while kind passers-by called the emergency services.
22	Abdullahi Ahmed Abdullahi is serving 20 years in the United States for helping six ISIS members travel to Syria.
23	Abdullahi Ahmed has been appointed Deputy Chief of Defence, Space Administration.
24	Abdullahi is one among the 200 farmers in Beledweyne who received sandbags to protect their farms from river water.
25	Abe Delano picked up the win for the Pilots working four innings.
26	Aberdeen striker Bojan Miovski is getting plenty of attention for his goalscoring form ahead of the January transfer window.
27	A big takeaway from COVID-19 is that hospitals need to leverage technology to improve patient communication, care and processes.
28	A bit of tussling while waiting for a corner was all it took for Nunez to see red in their Champions League clash with Napoli last season.
29	A black, unmarked police car closed the road at the end nearest to Barnsley Road, towards the Northern General Hospital, with cones placed on the street.
30	A BMW sedan drives through a puddle of water on Silver Bluff Road near its intersection with Whiskey Road Wednesday afternoon.
31	A bombshell study in 2017 confirmed what Black people had long known to be true: that Black people are more likely to be wrongly convicted of murder than people from any other group.
32	A BORDERS school has been vandalised, with items broken, say police.
33	About 10.3 billion shares changed hands in U.S. exchanges, compared with the 11.1 billion daily average over the last 20 sessions.
34	About 12.20pm (Thursday 9 February 2023), officers attached to Tweed-Bryon Police District commenced a pursuit of a stolen Mercedes SUV after it crossed the border from Queensland and allegedly failed to stop when directed to by police.
35	About 272 people are believed to have purchased the substances to aid self-harm from Canada-based websites operated by Law.
36	About 36,181 canola contracts traded on Friday, which compares with Thursday when 31,214 contracts changed hands.
37	About 54% of our residents are rentersSeven out of 10 tenants in our city are cost burdened by rent.
38	Above are all the scenes from the ceremony.
39	A box of 12 guinea pigs was found dumped in Humberstone Road, in Leicester.
40	A brawl broke out.
41	A brief meeting will be at noon and the annual picnic will be afterward.
42	Absolutely SICK of these sort of cases falling fromt he sky like rain these days.
43	Absolutely, thank you.
44	A BURNT OUT scooter is seen at the site of a 5-alarm fire on Sunday morning, March 5, 2023 which broke out at 2096 Grand Concourse in the vicinity of 181st Street in the Fordham Heights section of The Bronx.
45	Abusers shouldn’t be bailed and allowed back to the house.
46	A carabiner is included but no lanyard.
47	Accepted applicants will partake in an “immersive experience in the Country Music industry” by working alongside the CMA’s communication team ahead of the CMA Fest scheduled for June 8-11, 2023, according to the application.
48	Access to illegal firearms has been democratised.
49	Access to Ukrainian news websites has been blocked.
50	Accordingly, we have mutually agreed to discontinue the clinical trial following completion of the final, on-treatment visit at week 48.
51	According to an NFL Network report, Rodgers received a homeopathic treatment to raise his antibody levels and then asked the NFL to review his status.
52	According to a petition for a protection order filed by Sadeghi and obtained by local news outlet KIRO 7, Khodakaramrezaei was given a warning by police in January.
53	According to a press release from the City of Mississauga, this pilot program is meant to encourage MiWay ridership, which recently returned to pre-pandemic levels.
54	According to a release, it also creates opportunity for businesses to create a ” talent pipeline” to train the future workforce.
55	According to article 142 of the Egyptian constitution, to be formally approved as a candidate requires the endorsement of at least 20 members of the House of Representatives or the signatures of at least 25,000 citizens in at least 15 governorates.
56	According to a survey by Irish company FRS Recruitment, workers in this country are concerned about AI and the cost of living.
57	According to data from MarketBeat, the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $48.
58	According to data from MarketBeat, the stock presently has an average rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $459.
59	According to data from stopburning.
60	According to documents released in the State Papers, towards the end of the year an official in the Department of the Taoiseach expressed concern to a colleague about the lavish overspending on state entertainment.
61	According to ESPN’s Pete Thamel, JT Shrout is the latest Colorado Buffalo to head to the transfer portal.
62	According to figures from Westminster watchdog the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (IPSA), 47 of the 59 Scottish MPs have claimed for “dependant” travel since 2019.
63	According to him “every sensible person learns from history rather than from experience, because if you wait to learn from experience, you will suffer.
64	According to him, the cash available at the commercial banks was not enough to carry out his daily transactions.
65	According to him, the surge in visitor arrivals has been met with ambitious and proactive capital expenditure programmes at the Sangster International Airport in Montego Bay and the Norman Manley International Airport in Kingston.
66	According to Historic England, the building played an "important role" in the post-industrial regeneration of Bristol’s docks as a thriving recreation and cultural centre.
67	According to ICD-10-CM guidelines, clinicians may assign code Z28.310, ‘Unvaccinated for COVID-19,’ when the patient has not received a dose of any COVID-19 vaccine.
68	According to IRENA, decisions made today will shape the continent’s energy sector for decades.
69	According to its financial results filed with the Nigerian Exchange Limited on Thursday, the bank also grew its gross earnings by 62.79 per cent to N2.28bn from N1.47bn.
70	According to Jimmy Mohlala, a member of the Cast of Pienaars (Pienaars Theatre Group from Limpopo), they were contracted to perform at the State Theatre in Pretoria from 9-15 of October.
71	According to Kuo, the shipment would be increased by 120 percent and it is expected to be around 70 million units in the fourth quarter.
72	According to legal experts, the Amendment that permitted citizenship to former slaves contains a section that implies Presidential authority to order the country’s debts to be paid.
73	According to Leriche, ceramics can be defined as being made from inorganic material, rather than from metallic material or polymers.
74	According to MarketBeat, Veracyte presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and a consensus price target of $30.
75	According to Mwale, the Defense team has been filing notices for ‘mention’ and ACB has not been showing seriousness to have the case return to court.
76	According to news publication CultureMap Fort Worth, this is the third consecutive year that Dallas-Fort Worth found itself in second place on Site Selection Magazine’s annual report, improving upon the 389 new business projects reported in 2021.
77	According to one, about 1 in 10 new history doctoral graduates in the 2019-2020 academic year are now full-time faculty members.
78	According to Paul Nolan Waterford Chamber President: “This is the third year we will have our energy partner Energia on board as overall sponsor, which is very apt as the focus on sustainability and energy takes centre stage for us all.
79	According to police, at the time of the arrest the offender had numerous copper pipes in his vehicle, allegedly ready to sell to the scrap yard.
80	According to reviews, customers love these bulbs because, well, they look like lightbulbs.
81	According to State Counselor Erlan Karin, this fund will allow young people, who have reached the age of majority (18 years), to improve their living conditions or receive education at the expense of the national fund.
82	According to statistics from the ROC Ministry of Finance, Taiwan’s exports to mainland China and Hong Kong had dropped 19% year-to-date to $139 billion as of November, bringing the share down to 35%.
83	According to the aggrieved branch executives, the constituency executives are supporting one of the aspirants and are thus frustrating the other aspirants.
84	According to the author, Fauci’s promotion of the antiretroviral drug AZT during the AIDS epidemic led to countless deaths because it “killed faster than the natural progression of AIDS left untreated.”
85	According to the document which Malawi24 has seen, Chisanu submitted fake quarterly report to the director of news and programs in which he lied that he had monitored Radio Listening Clubs through telephone conversations to assess progress and challenges.
86	According to the experts, a collagen-rich diet might include salmon, lentils and kale - and they suspect Kate is getting plenty of these.
87	According to the GCCI, Guyana’s economy is one of the fastest-growing in the world, with oil revenues generating hundreds of millions of US dollars annually.
88	According to The Guardian, the idea to use AI to reconstruct the demo came from Peter Jackson’s eight-hour epic “Get Back”.
89	According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), early indications from first quarter sales of 2023 point to an upbeat EV market, supported by cost declines as well as strengthened policy support in key markets such as the US.
90	According to the Ministry, when parents or guardians are engaged in violent acts against teachers, it goes against established values, norms and expectations.
91	According to the notification, the TeH never believed in a democratic system of governance and TeH leadership gave repeated calls to boycott assembly elections on multiple occasions.
92	According to the Order, Mir Shahin Agayev Mirdilavar was awarded the 1st degree "For service to the Fatherland" order for his long-term effective activity in the field of media in the Republic of Azerbaijan.
93	According to the police, the scene is presently secured and guarded by ranks as investigations continue.
94	According to the police, the woman is yet to be formally identified but her family have spoken out about their grief.
95	According to the Power Minister, Adebayo Adelabu government would grow the power sector in 2023 and beyond through huge investments.
96	According to the psychiatrist, “We know the main causes of brain drain; and that they are large.
97	According to the release, cryptocurrency mining projects that are operational, and a small number of projects that are well advanced in BC Hydro’s connection process, will not be affected.
98	According to the retailer’s website, the textbook — Subvolume C of Landolt-Börnstein’s Phase Diagrams and Physical Properties of Nonequilibrium Alloys — was marked down from R440,318.
99	According to the study, Mali experienced at least 40 major climate shocks between 1970 and 2020.
100	According to the U.S. Department of Veterans' Affairs, "Every day, some 17 veterans take their own lives."
101	Accusing China of creating tension in the Taiwan Strait, the self-ruled island's ministry condemned the purported drills as "irrational actions.”
102	A celebration of life will be hosted by his children from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. on June 11 in the Chapman Building at 116 W. Wise Street in Bowie.
103	A chalk message written in front of the statue of Lydia Moss Bradley in April protesting Melgoza’s ability to graduate.
104	A chance tennis lesson from a sporting legend helped Kendall Baisden believe that anything was possible from the age of ten.
105	A charity that helps Manx residents pay their bills will make its first round of payments for this winter this coming week.
106	A collaboration could even get the ball rolling on a new game, something fans have been holding out hope for.
107	A collection of No7's cosmetics and skincare, housed in a velvet vanity bag that can be reused for travel or to store makeup.
108	“A committee is currently working to investigate the circumstances of the incident.
109	A common thread among these trailblazing entrepreneurs is the initial support they received from different sources, giving them room to make mistakes and learn from them.
110	A company designed to help digital advertisers run targeted digital advertising campaigns, The Trade Desk uses AI to optimize its customers’ advertising campaigns for their appropriate audiences.
111	A Consort does not have any formal positions related to the government, unlike their spouse, the constitutional monarch, who inherited the throne.
112	A CONWY farmer is once again planning to transport much-needed supplies to the people of Ukraine - and he's made an appeal for North Wales residents to offer their support.
113	A cover of Maria Muldaur’s “Midnight at the Oasis” lit the fireplace, with ’s toasty vocals heating this and subsequent numbers.
114	A crime scene was established and commenced an investigation into the cause of the fire.
115	A crucial part of the training also goes into developing resilience in the children, especially the girls who are being introduced to football.
116	Action heroes kill stuff.
117	Activists protest the Obama administration’s plans to allow new fossil fuel drilling on public lands and oceans during a demonstration in front of the White House in Washington, D.C., September 15, 2015.
118	Activity can also shift to different periods of the day.
119	Actor Jason Watkins and his wife Clara Francis are now speaking out about the 'silent killer', which took the life of his two-and-a-half-year-old daughter Maude in 2011.
120	Actually pleased with the finale, and earning everyone’s fates, in a show that went bonkers more than once over the years.
121	A cyclist required hospital treatment following the incident.
122	• Adams Memorial Library, Latrobe, will offer a free seminar about estate planning at 6 p.m. Jan.
123	A day later, the NBA affirmed the pool report that James should have earned a shooting foul when Jayson Tatum made contact with his arm, according to the Last Two Minute Report.
124	Adding to a Ballon d’Or and 21 major trophies in Spain, he’s a club world champion.
125	Adding to the growing collection of collaborators on her forthcoming rock album, is teaming up with frontman Kevin Cronin for a slightly darker cover of the band’s 1980 hit ballad “Keep on Loving You.”
126	Addison was led by Bartlett with 7 points and Emma Cleghorn hit 3 free throws for Addison’s ten points.
127	Additional film credits include “Stepfather II: Make Room for Daddy” (1989), “Night of the Scarecrow” (1995), “Johnny Mysto: Boy Wizard” (1997), “Spoiler” (1998), “The Werewolf Reborn!”
128	Additionally, being overweight can also result in breathing problems while you sleep, which will negatively affect the quality of your sleep and how you feel when you wake up.
129	Additionally, Maheia had noted that it is time for Espat to retire from politics.
130	Additionally, the Foundation says people with cancer should also "watch out for a fever" and other signs they might have been infected.
131	Additionally, the medical jargon spewed out by characters in left little room for doubt that the characters knew exactly what they were talking about and subsequently doing in moments of trauma.
132	Additionally, there is no reason to dwell on a tired joke when readers can instead reflect on an actual power that Batman has, which has been overlooked for so long.
133	Additionally, there were several calls for hedges and shrubs on fire, also in the early morning hours, including at: Victoria Avenue near College Street, Victoria Avenue and Robson Street, and Robson Street and Wellington Avenue.
134	Additionally, the UVA output was "equivalent to spending an extra 1.5 to 2.7 minutes in sunlight each day between salon visits, depending on the type of UV nail lamp used."
135	Additionally, they introduced a new formula for the rankings.
136	Additionally, toggle on the Push option to receive emails in real-time.
137	Additionally, Türkiye allowed the transfer of a Greek prisoner to attend his son's funeral after the accident.
138	Additionally, Weird Al even performed an original track for the film's closing credits that campaigned it for an Academy Award nomination, even though it was technically ineligible because it was exclusively released on The Roku Channel.
139	Additionally, winds gusting up to 70 mph could produce blizzard-like conditions at times.
140	Add links to the important pages only.
141	Addressing journalists in the Epe area of the state during the destruction of the contrabands, the Assistant Comptroller General of Customs, Adonye Dappa-Williams, said the goods were brought for destruction after court condemnation.
142	Add the remaining 1 tablespoon of oil and the salt and stir to combine.
143	A decent portion of this front-running theme is already being seen in market rates.
144	“A Decision Letter containing all the information and reasons for the decision will be issued in the coming days.”
145	A DELIVERY driver with a long of substance abuse died of a drug-related death, an inquest heard.
146	Ade said: "CBS News came over from the USA.
147	A detective from Missouri he referred to only as “Show Me” and an investigator from Kansas he dubbed “Yellow Brick Road” asked him about the disappearance of Shawna Garber, 53, on Halloween in 1990.
148	Adidas said its partnership with Ye ended because it doesn’t tolerate antisemitism and any other sort of hate speech” and said his comments were hateful, dangerous and unacceptable.”
149	A discouraging set of Chinese trade numbers coupled with Moody’s and Fitch’s downgrade of several U.S. banks dampened investor sentiment but strengthened the dollar predominantly because of its traditional safe-haven status.
150	A division spokesman said the ship will refuel in Burnie on Tasmania’s northwest coast for the upcoming summer season.
151	Adjusted EBITDA was $90 million for the quarter and included the exceptional recall-related charge of $15 million and negative impact of 150 basis points to EBITDA margin, as Sachin discussed earlier.
152	• Adjusting your thermostat just a few degrees can make a big difference in your bill.
153	Administration and life under John Boyle, the businessman who bought Motherwell in 1998, provided turmoil and invited strain but everyone, including the club, survived.
154	Administration officials have tried to strengthen U.S. support by arguing that the war is about more than Ukraine.
155	A donation of $26 provides the books and mailing for one child per year.
156	AdTheorent is trading at a lower price-to-earnings ratio than Match Group, indicating that it is currently the more affordable of the two stocks.
157	A DUP councillor has questioned if high levels of mental health sick days are “genuine” in Lisburn and Castlereagh City Council.
158	A Dutch court on Friday ordered a man who’s fathered at least 550 children around the world to stop donating his sperm.
159	A DWP spokesperson explained to : "Some customers who have become retrospectively entitled were paid into their requested account today.
160	AEW never fails to cheese off The Chadster, and last night's episode of Dynamite was no different.
161	A face only a mother could love!
162	A fake collab that imitates the two Canadian stars, "Heart on My Sleeve", is said to be eligible despite the use of AI technology.
163	A favorable verdict in Montana could also kick off action in other places, Steven Running, professor emeritus of ecosystem and conservation sciences at the University of Montana and expert witness for the plaintiffs, said on the stand.
164	A favourite among the South African rugby fraternity, Cooper will sure want to put on a show in front of 50,000 spectators at Loftus and for those at home in Australia.
165	A Federal Court decision in 2019 granted native title to almost 100,000 hectares of land to the Butchulla People.
166	A federal judge on Wednesday temporarily blocked California from enacting a law barring permit holders from carrying firearms in numerous public locations.
167	A few — District 4 Councilwoman Kendra Black, District 6 Councilman Paul Kashmann and District 8 Councilman Christopher Herndon — voted against the bill.
168	A few sloppy moves by Oban Lorne RFC resulted in a disallowed try before Shearer crossed the whitewash for his second.
169	A final lunar quincunx to Mercury will require a little extra analysis on our part.
170	A fire spokesperson added: “The incident involved a two-vehicle road traffic collision, with a casualty now in the care of ambulance service.”
171	A former fourth-round pick, Walker spent his first three seasons with the Atlanta Falcons before being something of a surprise cut this August.
172	AFP reporters outside the hospital where the wounded were taken described anxious residents waiting for news on injured relatives, flanked by a heavy police contingent as helicopters hovered overhead.
173	A free will offering will be taken.
174	A freight train derailed in the Gotthard tunnel in Switzerland, blocking passage through a key route linking Northern and Southern Europe.
175	Afrilearn’s innovative approach earned it the ‘Digital Innovation of the Year’ award by the US Chambers of Commerce.
176	After 2016, when Jordan shut its border with Syria following a cross-border suicide attack, authorities refused to let Syrians who had left briefly enter back into Jordan.
177	After 2 walks and a single, Streator Woodland cleared the bases with a triple to claim a 3-1 lead.
178	After a game versus the Holland College Hurricanes on Feb. 25, another great season of Tommies women’s volleyball came to an end with a regular season record of 14 wins and only four losses.
179	After a grueling editing process and a lengthy battle with censors and distributors, Wes Craven was thoroughly pissed off with the whole affair, and gave boxes of clippings and reels to Frumkes to do with what he wished.
180	After a life adapted to their illness, some like Dr. Jackson are unsure of how to begin again as healthy people.
181	After all, everyone who has experimented a bit with AI recently will know how big of an impact this can have - especially when it comes to standardized tasks in the (online) services sector.
182	After all, it’s not like we had no warning it was coming.
183	After all, the 2023 South Johnston High School valedictorian was top of her class of 327 students.
184	After all these years people still assemble - some come every time and some are new and we are very grateful.'
185	After all, while you might think it has something to do with the extra light, moonlight only has about 7% the strength of sunlight – and sleep deprivation has been recorded under cloudy conditions and with shut curtains.
186	After almost three weeks I got to hug my girls.
187	After a miserable start, SKC became one of the league’s most consistent sides and will likely prove a tough test for Houston.
188	After a night at home with the group in Aberdeen she was going with them to Dunfermline too.
189	After a public outcry, Ms Sturgeon made her views known to the SPS, which moved Bryson to HMP Edinburgh on Thursday, although she insisted she had not ordered this directly.
190	After a robust rally, the is taking a breather.
191	After a scoreless first inning, the Raiders bats came to life in the second as the home team blew the game wide open.
192	After a seven-year break from stand-up, he returned with his tour The Book Of John to poke fun at more serious topics he had experienced, such as bereavement, infertility, and suffering a mini-stroke.
193	"After baking scones for a client yesterday I was left with three eggs.
194	After borrowing $30,000 from a friend of his father to finance his first real estate deal, Bash officially became a millionaire.
195	“After carefully reviewing the record and the parties’ arguments at this preliminary stage in the proceedings, we are not left ‘with the definite and firm conviction that a mistake has been committed.’
196	After Castillo's Castillo's fall, the Bolivian leader expressed his support for protests, especially those taking place in Puno, the Peruvian Aymara region bordering Bolivia.
197	After City Council elections, however, the new council voted to dismantle the URA and finance agreement, which prompted the lawsuit that claimed breach of contract.
198	After colliding with Beth's car, his Porsche was consumed by flames.
199	After committing the crime, the accused fled the scene.
200	After completing the purchase, you can stream or download the series to your Apple devices.
201	After discussions with researchers from Washington, D.C., King chose the Jefferson elm, a disease-resistant species with a sturdy structure currently thriving on the National Mall in the nation’s capitol.
202	After Elly De La Cruz walked to open the inning and stole second, Christian Encarnacion-Strand singled De La Cruz home to draw the within 7-3.
203	After growing up in Tione di Trento, a small town in Italy, she earned a doctorate in economics and management from an Italian university in 2004, then did a postdoctoral fellowship at Harvard Business School.
204	After hearing from Mr. Pecker a second time, along with at least eight other witnesses, including Mr. Cohen, the grand jury voted last week to indict.
205	After her daughters started dance classes at the Vivian Foy Stacey Dance Studio, Dot made thousands upon thousands of the most beautiful costumes BY HAND for the entire company for years.
206	After he withdrew from the year’s next major tournament, the P.G.A. Championship, where he was 12 over par after three rounds, he abandoned his plan to play the U.S. Open because, as he put it later, there was “no way physically I could have done that.”
207	After Leon deals the final blow, Jack simply falls to the floor, lifeless, with nothing more to say.
208	After looking at Twitter’s struggle with impersonation problems when Elon Musk relaunched Twitter Blue, Mark Zuckerberg is putting up guardrails before launching Meta Verified.
209	After making it streaming debut on Peacock in April, Elizabeth Bank’s gory comedy “Cocaine Bear” arrives on Prime Video this month at no extra cost to subscribers.
210	After meeting troops in the UK last week, Mr Sunak's spokesperson said he was "inspired by their courage and the stories of their loved ones back home".
211	After my previous letters to supermarket bosses, there did seem to be a reduction in the disparity between Chesterfield and some areas like Killamarsh and Sheffield, but the gap has crept back up and my constituents have noticed.
212	After reassembling a device, resin bonding is applied to make the device water resistant.
213	After Smith, the special counsel, sent him a letter two weeks ago informing him he was the target of a criminal investigation, Trump lashed out on Truth Social, his social media platform.
214	After soaking up enormous pressure, the home side took the lead in the 36th minute when Vladimir Coufal chipped a cross to the far post and James Ward-Prowse produced a brilliant diving header.
215	After spending her days stuffing her face with fried potatoes, soda, macaroni and cheese, fast food, and iced tea, Sanchez felt like she was 'dying a slow death'.
216	After stealing the car and attacking the victim and her dog, the suspect fled at high speeds before colliding with the police vehicle.
217	After taking a vow of silence, poverty and chastity, cloistered nuns endured one of the strictest forms of monastery life, never allowed to leave the stronghold of the convent’s walls.
218	After talking with my family we have decided to move in a different direction and de-commit.”
219	After the close Nvidia will announce earnings.
220	After the exposed STELLAR WIND in December 2005, Congress spent more than two years trying to make the illegal program, well, legal.
221	After the game, a very-much-washed Buck Showalter tried to make excuses for his poor ballclub.
222	After the gig, Swansea Arena tweeted: “We’re all so chuffed you’re back to doing what you do best."
223	After their routine in the North West coastal resort, fans flooded Instagram with messages - and Twitter, or X, too - saying Ellie should have been awarded four '10s'.
224	After those meetings, MassDOT received more than 2,200 responses to a public survey regarding the bridge design options.
225	After touching down not far from Route 11 in the La Hermosura neighborhood near La Plata, the aircraft caught fire, leaving fragments of the fuselage scattered all around.
226	Afterwards, the person’s mother said to her she should go into medicine and she changed her career direction entirely and went back to studying before gaining experience in road emergency medical services.
227	After Wednesday night, Thursday is expected to be cooler with a high of 35 degrees, then Friday will pick back up to 53 degrees.
228	After weeks of waiting, hundreds of people were allowed to leave the besieged Gaza Strip yesterday, the first of thousands of foreigners, aid workers and critically wounded patients expected to depart in the coming days.
229	After winning the Oscar for his song Naatu Naatu, the South sensation is seen shaking legs with Salman Khan which is worth making fans go berserk.
230	After your first treatment you will begin to see the results after 4-6 weeks.
231	A future movie could see Admiral Marcus' predictions come true, with Kirk and Spock forced to find a peaceful solution that would end the bloodshed.
232	Again, I don't want to speculate on what may or may not happen.
233	Against the backdrop of press releases hyping record settlements and tough enforcement, financial sanctions in some countries were set lower than the amount of the bribes, according to audits performed by OECD.
234	Against this background, the St Catherine South East MP is recommending that every citizen in Portmore obtain a tag issued free at the toll booth that would give discounts and for certain classes of vehicles, there would be no rate change.
235	“Again, that’s that senior leadership stepping up for us to make a big play and set the tone.
236	“Again tonight, we leave the game and we’re like, ‘We probably could have had three.’
237	Again, we are awaiting confirmation of a date from the DfE as to when this will be.
238	A game can start at an AQI of seven provided air quality is projected to not worsen, Hackwood said in June.
239	AG Club performs in the Mojave tent during the Coachella Valley Music and Arts Festival at the Empire Polo Club in Indio on Saturday, April 22, 2023.
240	A geological study by University of Nebraska–Lincoln scientist Matt Joeckel and colleagues provides such information.
241	AGF reported total assets under management and fee-earning assets of $42.3 billion compared to $41.2 billion as at May 31, 2023 and $39.6 billion as at August 31, 2022.
242	AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. () saw a significant decrease in short interest during the month of December.
243	A GoFundMe page has been set up to help the family.
244	A Government spokesperson said: “Our Jet Zero Strategy sets out an ambitious approach to achieving net zero by 2050, allowing people the freedom to keep flying but in a way that’s better for the environment.
245	A great alternative to champagne, this makes the perfect accompaniment to salmon and roast chicken.
246	A great opportunity for growth supporting our Head of Risk, Governance & Compliance on some leading projects.
247	A group of bell ringers from St Peter's Church in Mansfield filled the air with sound to celebrate the coronation of King Charles III.
248	A GROUP of wildlife enthusiasts are working to protect badgers in Hampshire - and they are inviting people to join them on their volunteer walks.
249	A group of women in an isolated religious colony as they struggle to reconcile their faith with a string of sexual assaults committed by the colony’s men.
250	Ahan, who was born in Bihar but relocated to Bengaluru, represented Bengaluru FC’s U13s and went on to represent Karnataka’s state team at the Sub-Junior National football tournament in 2017.
251	Ahead of 65's theatrical debut, Writer/Directors Scott Beck & Bryan Woods delve into the origins of the film and their love of silent movies.
252	Ahead of the actor and presenter’s final show, details of featured guests set to appear to say goodbye to Corden have been emerging.
253	Ahead of their discussion Premier Brantley presented Dr. Leon with a Nevis Naturally gift bag with locally made products, and CDB President gifted the Premier with a token of appreciation on behalf of the institution.
254	A HEREFORDSHIRE pet food company director has been handed a suspended prison sentence and his company fined tens of thousands of pounds after breaching health and safety law.
255	A high-profile court case between independent MP Monique Ryan and her chief of staff Sally Rugg has been waved off for at least two weeks, as the pair try to reach a settlement in private.
256	A high-quality treatment program close to home that allows children to continue attending school — where they can also receive supportive services — is an important resource for families in and surrounding communities.
257	A high-stakes player is given loyalty points and cash bonuses several times more than a regular gambler.
258	A HSE report published in 2018 estimated that 1,250 children have been affected by valproate since 1975 in Ireland.
259	Ahsoka, meanwhile, still embodies what it means to be a Jedi, even if she no longer aligns herself with the traditional Jedi Order.
260	A huge cause of concern for the people of Askeaton and surrounding areas, they say, is the declining water quality of the River Deel and Shannon Estuary.
261	A huge part of the Super Bowl viewing experience is watching with friends and/or family while indulging in all your favorite junk foods.
262	A HUGE warehouse proposed to be built at the Omega West site could be even taller than first thought.
263	Aided by the council’s successful Shared Prosperity Fund (UKSPF) bid, the plans are aimed at encouraging residents to spend more time in the centre of Moston by making it a 'greener, more attractive and sustainable destination'.
264	Airbus said on Monday it was seeking outside investment for its high-altitude surveillance and communications drone programme Zephyr, in a bid to scale the business and accelerate its commercialization.
265	Aisylu Chizhevskaya Mingalim, 53, plans to move to Moscow with her new husband so they can raise several other adopted children.
266	AITGS offers a wide range of services and solutions tailored to meet the unique digital transformation initiatives of government organizations.
267	A: “I would say just my general advice to anyone is be ready to be uncomfortable.
268	A judge on Monday conditionally approved a joint request from Microsoft and the British regulator to delay upcoming proceedings, enabling both sides to further negotiate.
269	A jurisdictional fight over funding has left these refugees sleeping on the streets of a busy Toronto intersectionCBC's Salma Ibrahim went to 129 Peter St to speak with refugees without shelter space.
270	Akeeagok said he hasn’t read it yet but he supports finding a balance between the growing mining industry and respecting communities’ concerns over the impact of that growth.
271	A keen footballer as a lad, he played for his school Wollaston Church of England, and began his football career as a full-back with Stourbridge.
272	A key aim of the programme is to address and combat gender discrepancy in the ICT sector, while simultaneously creating and solidifying ICT skills in the young female population.
273	A Kwame Nkrumah University Science and Technology (KNUST) medical student, Sampson Dabanyi, received a full scholarship to finance his education.
274	A labyrinth of underground passport control booths and passageways lead cruise ship passengers to tour buses that spirit them across the city on day trips, mostly to major sites far from the port.
275	A lady was surprised when she got a delivery of a toy after ordering a real blender online.
276	A laptop screen's refresh rate (measured in hertz) refers to the number of times it updates its picture per second; the higher the refresh rate, the smoother motion looks.
277	A large army would have had a large herd traveling with them for fresh meat on the hoof.
278	A lawyer who represents the anti-abortion groups that are challenging the abortion pill said in a statement Friday that her team will ask the justices to allow the lower-court rulings to take effect.
279	Albeit a low bar, he has the most on or between the hash targets (three) including two explosives, one with YAC for the 72-yard triple-explosive touchdown, then the same play intercepted the following game.
280	Alberta and Saskatchewan both made submissions to the court as interveners, objecting to what officials argued was a federal overreach of jurisdiction.
281	Alberta has been recording the highest levels of interprovincial migration in Canada.
282	Alberta is not the bogeyman of Confederation.
283	Alberta’s Kayla Skrlik and New Brunswick’s Andrea Kelly won their respective provincial women’s curling championship finals Sunday January 22, 2023, to gain entry into the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
284	Alcaraz responded emphatically to claim the third, but Medvedev remained composed.
285	Alcohol deaths are played down.
286	Aldi recently announced that it is creating 800 jobs in new stores over the coming months and said on Thursday that it is also recruiting for a large volume of other store roles across the country to support its continued expansion.
287	Ald Mulvenna then asked members to stand as a mark of respect to observe a one-minute silence.
288	A leaked video on shows an ad spot for the phones that sees lighting in photos and videos being improved and certain audio being erased from videos much like Pixels already let you erase people with the Magic Eraser feature.
289	Aleeza is a professional matchmaking and dating coach with clients varying in age and levels of religion.
290	A lesser prairie chicken spotted in Hays, Kan., during the festival in April.
291	A letter posted on the college’s from the Chair of the Board of Trustees, Denis J. Salamone, detailed the significant changes the entire college will begin to undergo as a result of demographic and financial shifts.
292	Alexander Buechner and son Jackson, almost 2 years old, of Shapleigh, shared a half portion of fish and chips and a high five at Fish & Whistle earlier this month.
293	Alex Batty's grandad 'is NOT dead & was seen mowing his lawn days ago'
294	Alex, I want to thank you for your story, which I thought was really significant and really powerful.
295	Alex tried to introduce Konstantin to Theresa, but Konstantin said they already knew each other.
296	Alfred Ndengane, captain of Maritzburg United celebrates their goal during the DStv Premiership match against Richards Bay at Harry Gwala Stadium on 21 April 21, 2023.
297	Alice McCall announced the closure of her label this month after nearly 20 years.
298	Alien Robot: The end of the umbrellas can poke into the buried eggs of the turtles that nest on the beach and destroy them before they hatch.
299	Alison Hammond hosted an incredible birthday celebration for her, and her 18-year-old son.
300	Alito — who handles 5th Circuit emergency appeals — paused the ruling from taking effect last Friday and extended the temporary halt until today.
301	A little further inland and through a camper is a well, and at the bottom of the well is something strapped to a life preserver.
302	Alivea Goncalves (left), sister of slain Idaho student Kaylee Goncalves, said she “had no idea that true evil was genuinely watching” the victims.
303	All AB data sets are publicly available on the website (www.Afrobarometer.org) and may be analysed free of charge using AB’s online data analysis tool (https://apo-opa.
304	“All accounting officers are to ensure strict compliance with this directive, please.”
305	Allagash was one of 11 independent craft breweries from across the country – including luminaries like Sierra Nevada and Russian River – to participate as part of the inaugural Good Grain Collaborative program.
306	Allain is chairman of the Senate Revenue and Fiscal Affairs Committee, and he could be the senator Bishop needs to handle his bill.
307	"All credit to the boys," Babar said after the victory.
308	Alleged Bandidos members Anthony Silva, 26, and Damian Breaux, 46, and Waterdogs member Randy Sanchez, 46, died in the shooting — which brought the town’s 41st annual Memorial Day Motorcycle Rally to a screeching halt.
309	Allen & Overy and Shearman & Sterling are poised to create a Biglaw behemoth, A&O Shearman, if their proposed merger is approved by the partnership of both firms.
310	All five Bulls starters reached double digits in scoring by midway through the third quarter, but that wasn’t enough.
311	All five drill holes were resource confirmation holes from West Ayawilca, and all intersected strong zinc mineralization.
312	All floral tributes and enquiries to Co-op Funeralcare, Amble, telephone 01665 710437.
313	All genders can, and should, be equal in sailing, and SailGP wants to provide opportunities to close that gap.
314	All had gone out during the same cold weekend, with the same error codes and the same carbon build-up around the fuel nozzle.
315	All he saw at night were industrial buildings and not much foot traffic.
316	All his friends think he will make serious money.'
317	“All I can say is it’s a mechanism that doesn’t use any gears, motors, or bearings, because they wouldn’t work in space, they would freeze.
318	Alligators typically live in tropical climates and are native to the southeastern United States.
319	All in all, though, it’s a sexy gadget.
320	All of the projects are being worked on by the council’s arms-length Future Places team, although the Constitution Hill project, if it goes ahead, will probably come under the council’s housing department.
321	All of this shuffling at the game's most important position certainly hasn't help Baltimore's attack.
322	All Out would be giving underused talent a chance to get on a PPV.
323	Allowing a petition filed by Smriti Singh, Justice Sanjay Kumar Singh observed, “It is well settled that the word 'solemnize' means, in connection with a marriage, to celebrate the marriage with proper ceremonies and in due form.
324	Allowing gentle regional customization also takes the pressure off needing to force-fit jokes everywhere.
325	All parties came to an agreement in regards to the township placing “Do Not Enter” signage along the roads that lead to Trach Road and providing temporary portable barricades at the entrances of the road for 90 days to prevent traffic from accessing it.
326	All promising stuff.
327	All residents are welcome to attend.
328	Allspring Global Investments Holdings LLC lifted its position in shares of Callon Petroleum by 2,731.5% during the second quarter.
329	All the build-up, action and reaction as Oxford United seek to build on their first win in 17 games last time out.
330	All the money raised now supports local scholarships and programs.
331	All the plots and vehicles have been purchased in the name of Shreya, she said.
332	All these aspects must be taken into consideration in our policy towards China," he continued.
333	All these five flights were of IndiGo airlines.
334	All the shop offices in phase one of Plaza Semporna were booked on just the first preview at Semporna.
335	“All the walls have fallen.
336	All this is short-sighted from a planetary perspective—and maybe from a business one, too.
337	All three have a salary cap hit for the 2023-24 league year as well as the 2024-25 season despite not playing in the NBA since 2022.
338	All three were upbeat about the process, reporting that a month of deep listening to hundreds of people with diverse views was an exhausting but rewarding experience.
339	All you need to do is give your jewellery a quick two-minute dip in the specially formulated solution and it’ll be sparkling (and germ-free) once more.
340	Almost all occurred at or near significant, intermediate-term buying opportunities.
341	Almost three years ago, the duo - who went to Farrer and played footy together - were separated when Kaiden's parents left Tamworth and relocated to Townsville.
342	Almost to the point at times where it can be somebody I really like and I’d love to work with them, but I can get very nervous beforehand because I’m so in awe of them.
343	A Loganair flight from Inverness to Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis was cancelled today.
344	Alongside it we will host our half marathon and 20 miler road races.
345	Alongside this, the aforementioned Snapshot and telematics program are driving down costs for consumers and the company alike.
346	Along with an alluring storyline, the film also has an accomplished star cast consisting of Sachin Khedekar Kabir Bedi, Dr M Mohan Babu Prakash Raj, Madhubala, Gautami, Aditi Balan, Ananya Nagalla and Jisshu Sengupta in pivotal roles.
347	Along with Fuji, Khan confronted Hogan during an episode of Jake Roberts’ talk segment, “The Snake Pit.”
348	Along with its sister unit, Afghan Territorial Force 444, they became known as 'the Triples', and quickly gained a fearsome reputation for their courage effectiveness and honesty.
349	Along with learning about the music industry and trying new music technology, the students are working in groups on a final project to present to their families on Friday.
350	“A lot of lager brewers are adding rice and corn, which means it’s not a real malt beer.
351	A lot of recommended safety measures were ignored at the mine, they said.
352	A lot of social media platforms are experimenting with live video right now.
353	A lot of tech companies have been having layoffs, sometimes for the first time.
354	A lot of the discussion revolved around how long do we keep a practical before seeing the full troll, and so we played a lot with that.
355	A lot of what we did felt like we were doing a buddy comedy and to be able to sort of lace that into this episode while the ticking clock element was going on had the stakes at such a high level.
356	Alphabet Inc. (NASDAQ:GOOG) Shares Purchased by Index Fund Advisors Inc.
357	AlphaCrest Capital Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Adecoagro S.A. () during the third quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
358	Alpha Lithium is a small (yet intriguing) lithium stock with a healthy treasury and compelling properties.
359	Also brought on by a “Perfect Life’s” Leticia Dolera to co-write upcoming series “Puberty.”
360	Also creating buzz: Emmanuel Forbes (Commanders), Will Anderson Jr. (
361	Also, give us that favorite Thanksgiving side dish and why it’s the best.
362	Also highlighted during the handover ceremony was the procurement of an inventory truck, valued over $9 million, by the South East Regional Health Authority (SERHA) for its office.
363	Also includes a map of ALL Shabaab suicide bombings since 2006.
364	Also in Eastern Ukraine, Russian forces are trying to “escalate and take over the initiative” on an effort to “pull” Ukrainian troops from other areas of the frontlines, according to a regional military official.
365	Also, insider Cheryl H. Johnson sold 23,883 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, February 3rd.
366	Also inside the infrastructure plan is the lighting up of Osun through the installation of solar-powered streetlights in all major towns, particularly Osogbo, to enhance security and contribute to the economy.
367	"Also, I think no-one really wants to know.
368	Also quite good is as Eddie Body, the man who lives on the sofa, who becomes the first major relationship that we see Steve explore, and as a later boyfriend who doesn’t have more screen time, but still manages to make an impact.
369	Also speaking, an official of the Federal Ministry of Works, Engineer Bitrus Dauda, expressed optimism that the perennial challenges would be tackled.
370	Also speaking on Wednesday but before the US Fed's decision, ECB chief economist Philip Lane appeared to play down the the prospects for further fallout for the banking system from the high-profile failures of Silicon Valley Bank and Credit Suisse.
371	Also, the average price target of $52.20 implies a measly upside potential of less than 2%.
372	Also, there is an increasing prevalence of oral cancer which develops on the tongue, oral mucosa, mouth, and oropharynx.
373	Also we worried that person my release his dog to go after us."
374	Alsu Kurmasheva, an editor for the U.S. government-funded Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty's Tatar-Bashkir service, appeared in a closed session in a court in the city of Kazan, the capital of the Tatarstan republic.
375	Alternatively, contact Crimestoppers anonymously at www.crimestoppers-uk.org or call 0800 555 111.
376	Although Amanda was briefly used to set up the Suicide Squad, she never fully demonstrated the level of power and authority she had.
377	Although Amazon recently announced 18,000 layoffs, sources told CRN that AWS would not be impacted by the layoffs.
378	Although, from some of these nicknames, I'm not sure I can feel the love tonight, or any night for that matter.
379	Although Gabby and Alan weren’t partners during their time on DWTS last year, they may have had that fiery chemistry all along.
380	Although his presence appears suspicious at the start, once Frank opens his heart to Bill after being invited into his home, he gets a chance that few do in the apocalypse when he lives out a lifetime of love and companionship.
381	Although I still think Kirk Cousins is the ceiling,” Madden said.
382	Although it remains unclear where O’Brien planned to work when he turned in his notice at Proskauer, according to the complaint, O’Brien indicated firm leaders would not be “happy” when they learned of his new employer.
383	Although Kamara is pleased by pay increases, viewing how much other colleges or even high schools pay their faculty feels tempting.
384	Although Kangas worked only after-hours and weekends responding to patient calls, Koch entered more than 8,500 weekday hours on behalf of Kangas for work he did not perform.
385	Although Reserve Balances with Federal Reserve banks dropped off, one can see that the amount of excess reserves in the banking system is now around $3.3 trillion.
386	Although reward letters can cowl any type of reward, made for any objective, they’re mostly used in the course of the means of making use of for a mortgage to purchase property.
387	Although self-service e-scooters are now available in 200 towns in France – and hundreds more around the world – le Page describes Paris as a “complex” city.
388	Although she was under the limit of 0.05 for a fully licensed driver, provisional drivers are not allowed to have any alcohol in their system.
389	Although sporting a bikini is nothing new for the Princess of Pop, this time, the singer paired it with a black hat and a pair of elbow-length black gloves.
390	Although this has been reported to the council, they have commented that their enforcement powers only stretch to dealing with cars parked on double and single yellow lines.
391	Although those products require the use of PFAS, Elevate Textiles has started phasing out its use of the compounds for its other products, according to the SELC.
392	Although Wrexham scored twice to reduce the deficit early in the second period, it looked like game over when Swindon bagged a fifth goal but Parkinson's men struck twice in added time to secure a share of the spoils.
393	A lump and a stab wound to the head.
394	A luncheon will be held in conjunction with the visitation as well in the reception room of the Schmidt Family Funeral Home.
395	Alyeska Investment Group L.P. purchased a new stake in shares of CDW during the 1st quarter valued at $100,345,000.
396	A MacRumors corroborates the claim, saying that an announcement from the tech giant could come this week.
397	A major aspect of this is that this NHS Trust has the most amount of attendees in Merseyside at 77,808 so far this year.
398	A majority of the resistance leaders interviewed in Kalay and Tamu voiced serious concerns over the lack of funds and weapons.
399	A makerspace is a collaborative space outfitted for various uses (making, learning, exploring, and experiencing) the arts.
400	Amanda recalls: 'It felt like I had no control over my life', adding she felt powerless to leave.
401	A man has been filmed scaling a building after a fire broke out inside a high-rise unit.
402	"A mannequin swallowed by a tree."
403	A man was shot and killed Saturday evening in Ashburn on the South Side, Chicago police said.
404	A man who was ordered to demolish half his garden wall after someone complained of its height says it now looks “strange” and he feels sad over what has happened to him.
405	A man who was stranded for three days on an isolated Bahamas island has been rescued after he fired flares from his sailboat, the US Coast Guard said.
406	A match during tonight’s ROH TV tapings was stopped due to a possible concussion, according to a new report.
407	Amazon.com accounts for 1.7% of Whittier Trust Co. of Nevada Inc.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 9th biggest holding.
408	Ambassador Sandhu also paid glowing tributes to Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedkar, the architect of the Indian Constitution on his 132nd birth anniversary.
409	Ambulance Victoria Paramedic and Acting Director of Research and Evaluation, Dr Ziad Nehme, welcomed the findings of the study.
410	A McDonald's spokesperson told Fox News that it takes the safety of its customers seriously.
411	A member of the Wagner Group stands guard outside the headquarters of the Russian Southern Military District in the city of Rostov-on-Don on June 24. Photo by Stringer/AFP via Getty Images.
412	“America has only one path available when attacked – respond swiftly and vigorously with overwhelming, punishing force designed to make enemies wary of engaging with the United States.
413	American National Bank grew its position in shares of Extra Space Storage by 271.7% in the 4th quarter.
414	America’s compact with the island nation, known as the Compact of Free Association, is set to expire this year and they have some new demands they have been pushing us to discuss, but they’ve received very little diplomatic attention from the White House.
415	Ameris Bancorp has a twelve month low of $34.28 and a twelve month high of $54.24.
416	Ameritas Investment Partners Inc. lifted its holdings in shares of CrowdStrike by 1.4% during the 1st quarter.
417	A Merseyside Fire and Rescue spokesman said: "Crews were alerted at 1.12am and on scene at 1.17am.
418	A Met spokesman said: “Officers were on the scene within three minutes along with paramedics from the London Ambulance Service and London’s Air Ambulance.
419	Amid the rapidly-evolving events in Russia, Zelensky said Moscow is suffering “full-scale weakness”.
420	Am I just an asset to be moved around?
421	A military source said that at about 12:17a.m on Friday dawn, the Israeli enemy launched an aerial aggression with bursts of missiles from the direction of the occupied Syrian Golan, targeting a site in Damascus countryside.
422	Amin Sofi currently works at the Department of Mathematics, University of Kashmir, srinagar (India).
423	Amnesty International said the “historic lack of investment is exacerbating inequalities during the pandemic and risking the loss of opportunity for an entire generation”.
424	A model who spent more than £128,000 on two operations to lengthen her limbs has claimed that her ex-husband convinced her to undergo the surgeries.
425	Among other measures being considered in the Budget is a means-tested child welfare payment, which Taoiseach Leo Varadkar described as being “worthy of consideration”
426	Amongst the houses passed, a pattern emerges of villa, Lexus and renovation — a gold spray-painted gate or a large green overshade — giving me a peek into the homeowner’s head.
427	Among the attractions was the re-enactment group Vikings of Middle England, who are invading again to re-enact their times, crafts and traditions including a large living history camp and some amazing combat.
428	Among the books being banned are “The Hate U Give” by Angie Thomas, “The Handmaid’s Tale” by Margaret Atwood and “All Boys Aren’t Blue” by George M. Johnson.
429	Among the Iranian players and journalists that cover the team, Queiroz has evoked a certain degree of devotion and adoration.
430	Among the regular-rotation players, only D’Lo and Ant jacked up as many three-pointers per minute than Nowell.
431	Among the seven types of bitterball on the menu here, there is a parsnip and a small truffle.
432	Among the side-effects to be weighed will be the effect the central bank's monetary easing steps had on the banking system, Ueda told a press conference.
433	Among the uninvited “negotiators” in Paris providing aid and comfort to the enemy before the official negotiations was the traitorous John Kerrywealthy white-privileged cohort of Hanoi Jane Fonda.
434	Among the vocal critics of Hamlin was former NFL running back Adrian Peterson.
435	A Montrealer who also owned property in Israel, Azrieli paid for an amphitheatre to be built in the occupied Golan Heights to commemorate his Haganah brigade and made a controversial donation to Im Tirtzu, which an Israeli court deemed a “” group.
436	A Moody’s spokesman said the company “systematically, consistently and transparently” incorporates credit-relevant ESG factors, including climate risks, into its ratings.
437	A more "comprehensive" strategy will be developed by the end of the year but for now, the council has laid out a policy to make sure property decisions are made with "transparency and integrity."
438	“AMSA has zero-tolerance for sub-standard ships operating in Australian waters and we will not hesitate to ban vessels that fail to meet basic safety standards,” Drake said.
439	Amy bursts into tears and tells Summer that’s not what happened, but it’s Tracy she goes to confide in. She tells her mum that Aaron took advantage of her after she passed out drunk, and had sex with her without her consent.
440	An acrobatic overhead winner gave Paul a breakpoint at 5-4 but Alcaraz recovered, unleashing a perfectly disguised drop shot of his own that Paul could not chase down to claim the first set.
441	An additional critical constraint is keeping those cores fed.
442	An additional eight children and young people have been supported into education but have now returned to Ukraine.”
443	An admiral noted, “In this miserable way, they die very fast.”
444	An Afghan asylum seeker has now opened up to the about how he found the barge.
445	An AFP canine was used during the search of the Kempsey man's home.
446	An AI isn't good at subjective opinions.
447	An Air Force pilot, he was among the longest to be held captive.
448	Analysts anticipate that CNH Industrial will post 1.78 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
449	Analysts predict that Bill.com Holdings, Inc. will post -2 EPS for the current year.
450	An ambulance was called to Leinster House to attend to the minister who it is understood received medical attention before being brought away.
451	A narrow defeat to Newcastle kicked off proceedings before a win over Hamburg.
452	An astonishing 94% were convinced that the country was heading in a wrong direction coming dangerously close to a precipice.
453	A nationwide manhunt is under way for a former West Midlands soldier accused of terrorism.
454	A native of Asheville, North Carolina, he started in eighth grade with his former high school team, Christ School, and played three years of varsity tennis while also rising in United States Tennis Association junior rankings.
455	A native of Manitoba, he lives up to the Canadian stereotype and is especially warm and funny.
456	And a flu vaccine will not protect you against Covid-19,' Australia's Chief Medical Officer Paul Kelly said.
457	"And also the power of sport - its diversity.
458	And American weapons taking out invading Russia soldiers in a land far away is the cherry on top.
459	And an Inupiaq elder shares her talent for filleting salmon at the state fair.
460	And as a bonus, such technology has the potential to cut the agriculture sector’s greenhouse gas emissions by 13%, according to an April report by the World Economic Forum.
461	And as we’re seeing once again, neglecting the government functions he doesn’t like has resulted in failures that look bad for the state and should be embarrassing to him.
462	And because we well know the destruction that fires cause, what happened in Maui seems that much more personal.
463	And before the governor could speak, another aide said, “The two leading southern candidates (Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Peter Obi) should not be brushed aside sir.
464	And don't forget we'll be bringing you all of the latest as it happens in 2024 so be sure to subscribe to our City Life newsletter so you don't miss out with getting the headlines straight into your inbox.
465	Anderson Buck told NBC that: "The police department's resigning is not unusual — it does happen.
466	“And even if they did,” she added, “I don’t care.”
467	And exactly what she was describing each deal is different, but with our license this is to obtain the rights to the product, our license agreement with MilanaPharm, we will only owe them one commercial milestone.
468	And finally: "I'd also say temp nurses make a lot.
469	And former Scottish whistler Steve Conroy believes the 28-year-old's behaviour was exemplary.
470	And for professional fees, the increase was due to higher expenses associated with being a publicly listed company such as SOX-related compliance and one-off systems implementation costs to improve automation.
471	And frankly, the sunset assets that we have don't amount to a big-enough materiality to be able to do that based on the reg so as -- based on what I understand.
472	And free agency has given us the ability in areas to, man, we can do whatever we need to do in the draft.
473	And from today (November 27), people will be able to give their view on how much that should be in the form of an online or paper questionnaire.
474	And get this — only five of his 19 passes went beyond the line of scrimmage.
475	And he can pay for his own coronation.
476	And he said at the end of the talk, 'I look forward to working with each of you'.
477	And he showed us a way to live fully, with the world as it is.”
478	And he urged others considering looking into their DNA to go for it, saying he 'highly recommends' it.
479	And how does Henderson assess what she has achieved?
480	And I did all this stuff and the popper went flying and he goes, "Okay, that's enough."
481	And if I were the Jets, I would request permission to speak to Lamar.
482	And if Patrick Mahomes wins the NFL MVP award as expected, beware this 9-game streak.
483	And if there is drama in the house, the Brownie suffers, much like a Cancer does when family members aren’t getting along.
484	And if they – because -- what else can you, unless you are managing money for other people, you can only have your own views.
485	And if we’re talking about a particular object, say a black hole binary system called GX339-4, and it’s only five thousandths as bright as the Crab, we say it’s 5 milliCrab bright.
486	And if you enjoy doing contract delivery as a side hustle, outfits like DoorDash and Grubhub let you pick your hours.
487	And if you happen to see a future along with your companion, it’ll play into their life as effectively.
488	And I guess on the first question, we can't give any guidance on the first quarter other than the expectations that we've outlined.
489	And I heard many of them while covering Carter for The Times from early January through the Democratic convention in mid-July.
490	And I just think there are so many stories.
491	And I mean the start.
492	And in doing so reaffirming our belief in the goodness of the human heart which is eked out by an uncompromising will to assist.
493	And in fact, even when we look at what the Fed did, right, they gave us their updated economic projections, everybody latched on to the fact that their growth forecast is higher, right - the soft landing narrative.
494	And in many ways this effort is not dissimilar to how we think about innovation itself.
495	And in the Netherlands, similar operations have been shut down.
496	And in today’s fast-paced, interconnected world, project management software has become an indispensable tool for staying organized, efficient, and productive.
497	'And I sort of reminded Jonny last week I walked out of my crease at Edgbaston at the end of an over.
498	And, it actually hit home twice for us at the salon because a sister of one of our stylists has a form of the disease,” said Ginger Pulcino, co-owner of Everything’s Hair.
499	“And I think he’s very strongly in favor of — I know for a fact that he’s gonna save Medicare.
500	And I think over the last number of years, we've elevated our own capabilities to drive much greater discipline around what gets into the pipeline in the first place and why.
501	And I think so much of that is because of who I am and where I live.
502	“And I think we really did that tonight.”
503	And it looks like margins were down a little bit, probably roughly in line with revenues.
504	And it really kind of hit me in the feels.
505	And it's still the 2nd largest.
506	And it's worth noting that the deal thought to be on offer concedes far more ground to the UK than was thought possible then.
507	And it told all the tabloids to shove it, his response.
508	"And it was a Saturday night.
509	'And just decide never to do that again.'
510	And just sitting back just thinking about it like, ‘Yeah, you can’t do that because a lot of people aren’t able to be in this unique situation that we’re in.’
511	“And let me tell you why.
512	And maybe it is by allowing people like Trump to say whatever they want whenever they want without consequences,” she continued.
513	And may your hearts also be filled with hope that this Prince of Peace will one day come again in glory, and peace shall indeed reign over all the earth and over all creation."
514	And Ms Bulley's mother said: 'Paul had to tell the girls what was going on.
515	And my re-imagining of that darker Harvey Comics backstory has festered and intertwined with my personal fears into something truly frightening.”
516	And NAB personal banking executive Kylie Young said the savings were not going into long-term investments designed to build up wealth over time.
517	And none of Scott’s team is prepared for what they’ll find in the ruins of Vegas.
518	And not only that, he’s also added Tom Buckwell – the first-team performance chef at the Blues – to his ‘following’ list!
519	And now, as more gravitational waves roll in, we might be on the cusp of a breakthrough.
520	And now, at 31, she has enjoyed the responsibility and challenge of leading Tamworth touch.
521	And now Flint is her home, and she makes clear she is eager to learn more about it and about what people want from the library.
522	And now I feel I can sometimes tell when something isn’t right.
523	And now, United States Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, a.k.a. AOC, has joined Team Helen Gym.
524	“And now we are under threat from the Turks, who could kick us out of the country,” said Ms. Qayduha, 37.
525	And now with the advent of social media, he sees a landscape with fewer barriers to entry “that has been a bonanza for designers gaining new audiences and having more control over the development of their business.
526	And now with the first scheduled Republican primary debate just days away, the party's leading candidate has signaled that he won't join the competition on stage in Milwaukee at the end of the month.
527	And obviously, we have customer revenue with the dual-sided revenue model as well.
528	And on Sunday, the AFL WAG, 40, was still cooing over the puppy named Snoop when she shared an update to Instagram Stories with her 759,000 followers.
529	And on the tournament itself, he said: “It’s one step at a time.
530	And on Thursday it did not hear evidence in the case relating to a $130,000 hush money payment to adult movie star Stormy Daniels.
531	Andressa Alves’ stoppage-time equaliser did, briefly, spark fears that England’s proud, 30-game unbeaten record could be under threat.
532	Andrew continued: "We will be at Affinity for four weeks from May 15 as a pop-up shop with the hope that we can stay as a permanent location if it's popular.
533	And right now, that's not exactly a great space to be playing in.
534	And she will not be without allies today.
535	And so it's her issue.
536	And some festivals, such as Cannes, Toronto and Raindance, have embraced an online release strategy to leverage their unique position in the industry.
537	And so that gave me confidence that I was able to convince people that what I'm playing is like bringing water to the desert.
538	And still sidewalks aren't smoke-free.
539	And taking a nap is not a treat anymore… it’s mandatory!
540	And talking about new ingredients to use, I was intrigued by the use of grated chocolate that the editors said adds the perfect finish to the recipe for Pinto Bean, Ancho, and Beef Salad with Pickled Poblanos.
541	And thanks to ME-TV, newer generations are being “so formed!”
542	And that includes the ninth-placed Gold Coast on Saturday.
543	And that is actually being run directly by Jim.
544	'And that is a list that the bishop has been trying to get his hands on since he became bishop,' he added.
545	And that is really a miscarriage of justice to the public, because there are wealthier communities across the United States, including in the New York suburbs, whose public pools are the crown jewel of their towns.
546	And that is something that needs to be appreciated properly, and even celebrated.
547	And that’s never been the nonprofit’s mission.
548	And that’s really sad, because that is essentially breaking the relationship between us,” Harry said, seemingly in reference to the British press.
549	And that’s what makes love revolutionary — that’s why love always wins.”
550	And the auditing firm spent more than 10 months performing its review.
551	And the goal of the present war against Ukraine is to turn our lands, our people, our lives, our resources into a weapon against you.”
552	And the iron and steel industry within Alabama has played an essential and major role in this advancement.
553	And the latter of those is really the best we can hope to lay hold of on this side of the mortal coil.
554	And then if you look to the first 10 weeks, you opened 65 clubs, but somewhere already in the pipeline since Q4.
555	And then second five minutes was a 20-4 run.
556	And then that will allow me to concentrate on my campaign for mayor.
557	And then they talk about spending millions on a and developing additional options for taxation.
558	“And then with the potential loss of reimbursement for those who did qualify, that's just going to add an additional layer of burden upon rural institutions.”
559	And then would you expect to split those boxes and would that require more CapEx.
560	And the party in which West has chosen to launch his presidential bid — the People’s Party, it’s called — isn’t above promoting Tucker Carlson and other populists who traffic in reactionary politics.
561	And there are three main suitors chasing the mega star.
562	And there is ‘a tide in the affairs of men’, we are told, ‘which taken at the flood leads on to fortune or if omitted is bound in shallows and miseries’.
563	And there is one catch.
564	And there’s absolutely nothing moral about that.
565	And there’s nothing inherently wrong with that, except that the attempt to suggest that the goal here is real academic rigor feels like a bait-and-switch.
566	And the State Department said Blinken and Deputy Secretary Wendy Sherman spoke with China's senior Washington-based official on Wednesday evening about the matter.
567	And the strongly-worded statement insists "the world of football moved on from the Super League years ago".
568	And the wonderful thing about documents is they're undeniable.
569	And they said that they were working with CalMac and CMAL, the Scottish Government body which owns the ferries and harbour infrastructure to "improve reliability and resilience".
570	And they were specifically hired by boards, because they bring that other perspective – that perspective that the company feels they lack.”
571	And they were tired and dehydrated.
572	And they will be the people who will sit in judgement of the next managerial choice made by the Ibrox hierarchy.
573	And this currency thing has festered for almost two weeks now.
574	And this is Joe Anne.
575	And this is not only for a company’s bottom-line growth but for all stakeholders, most especially, society at large.
576	And those I talked to during my stay would assure anyone prepared to listen that the people who know how that money should be spent are the practitioners.
577	And today I am trusting in God, because everything that I see looks dark,” stated Dean.
578	And to me, it seems like sustainable materials management in this sector is really value-added.
579	And we are operating from a position of strength and we will continue to build on our strong foundation.
580	And we had to rebuild people’s confidence.”
581	And we have a follow-up from Scott Buck with H.C. Wainwright.
582	And we have often been to the ocean where, our little beetle parked nearby, we sat on the rocks, or strolled hand-in-hand along the shore, watching as fishing boats returned from being miles out at sea.
583	“And we kind of cover a different side of the puzzle than maybe the non-profit or public sector does ….
584	And we know that America is simply awash in firearmsmore guns than people, according to 2018 data from the Small Arms Survey.
585	And we’re going to be there again.”
586	And what a win that was.
587	And whatever your labors and aspirations, in the noisy confusion of life, keep peace in your soul.
588	And what had struck me over the course of the bankruptcy was in part because its bankruptcy law, which is just the most boring, complicated, specialized thing possible.
589	And when I run out, I’m gutted.”
590	And when they did what they wanted to do last, time moved on.
591	And when Whitmer's victory became clear, all the employees of the Nevada Democratic Party greeted the newly elected chair by immediately quitting.
592	“And when you’re constantly trying to live up to those expectations, you can kinda fall away from maybe what put you there in that position in the first place.
593	And while Dakota’s is the birthday girl, she’s not the only one at the party.
594	And while he’ll say that it isn’t there yet, even he may be surprised at how far down the road they have come in such a short space of time.
595	And while Omnicom's role in Hudson's sale remains a mystery, the agency tech startup recorded a pre-tax loss of $32.7 million in 2022.
596	And while Ross and other business owners who spoke to CBC News say the summer crowds are their livelihood, there is one issue generated by all that traffic the town is trying to fix: There aren't enough bathrooms.
597	And while we took the opportunity was to regroup and understand how to modify this permanently and take away some of this variability from our future.
598	And why should we care now, when the saint is long gone from public awareness and commercial interests are entrenched?
599	And, with expectation rising and the field closing in, Landsman stepped up for the hat-trick ball with a chance to make history.
600	And would any agreement there be contingent on converting your HOAs to binding agreements?
601	Andy Legg has recalled how his own chairman Sam Hammam got him “pelted with coins” as Cardiff shocked Leeds to produce one of the ’s greatest ever upsets.
602	And you just thought it was there to annoy you.
603	And you'll see that which we kind of outlay on Page 7 of the presentation, that ROA is - should be going up from a consensus perspective of AUB about 20 basis points or call about a 1.25%.
604	And, your thermostat is likely set to the wrong temperature (at least according to these experts.
605	Andy said: "The round of applause just sealed it.
606	Andy then pointed out the "threat" and "danger" that the couple are now facing when he added: "The danger they face now though is that the size of the convoy is threatening to overshadow the amazing work they were doing by attending the event."
607	An early start to have a blue solution injected into my breast, which will highlight my lymph nodes during surgery.
608	An educator who was born deaf will play a big role in the parade's grand finale, while a dancer with Down syndrome will take centre stage in the film segment.
609	An eighteen-year-old Palestinian was shot at point-blank range and killed Friday at dawn during an Israeli military incursion into Nur Shams camp to the east of Tukaram, in the northern occupied West Bank.
610	An empire falls, ruled over not by someone with the birthright to the throne but by those with the cunning to exploit the siblings’ self-immolation.
611	An everyday essential, this charcoal grey model with timber handle and dial knob has the edge for those quick and easy ready meals.
612	A new project, pepe, has amassed a $100 million market cap in less than one week," analysts at crypto research company Messari wrote in this week.
613	A new report on African governance released Wednesday finds much of the continent is “less safe, secure and democratic” than it was 10 years ago, citing a surge in military coups and armed conflicts.
614	A new spruce has been picked and will be heading to Rockefeller Center on November 11.
615	A new study from Canada indicates that the number of Dungeness crabs in oceans is decreasing thanks to the environmentally damaging effects of climate change.
616	A new superconsortium has dared to take on the task of rehabilitating Naia, recently submitting a P100-billion unsolicited proposal.
617	A NEW Test Valley flower farm, Stockbridge Blooms, has received a business incentive grant of £750.
618	A new TV spot for the upcoming horror-comedy Renfield shows Nicolas Cage's Dracula in a flashback inspired by the original 1931 Universal film.
619	A new Video Boost feature automatically retouches videos' shadows and noise and applies digital image stabilization, but in the cloud rather than on your phone.
620	“An experienced politician, he is endowed with a weapon of incisive wit, a clear understanding of politics and interpersonal relationships, and the practical value of undiluted loyalty, which is critical to trust and confidence building.
621	An FDA spokesperson declined comment on the litigation.
622	Ange Postecoglou's side are currently nine points clear of their Glasgow rivals in the league and the 57-year-old feels that the Parkhead club are in a very good position not just to retain the title but also potentially win a treble.
623	Angie says it's at its worse when there has been heavy rain, and the common across from her bungalow gets wet and expands - pushing bits of land off the cliff edge.
624	Angus' charming colour film shows everything from performers and guests to children having fun on the now lost Blue Peter dragon.
625	A Nigerian man has been sentenced to six months in prison for being in possession of 35 pieces of Nigerian coins.
626	Anil Antony, son of Congress veteran and former defence minister AK Antony, with Union Minister and senior BJP leader Piyush Goyal after the former joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), in New Delhi.
627	Animal husbandry and fisheries stalls along with millet and its value-added food products will be the major attractions.
628	Animals being gutted, our lives being threatened, people being sent to our home, under threat of lynching, hanging, pitchforks, fire.
629	An important part of Thankful Thursday is that fact that it's family friendly, meaning parents can bring their kids for dinner and a family night out.
630	An individual is presumed innocent until evidence is presented to a jury that establishes guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
631	An infusion of youth has really helped matters with former minor stars like Lara Devlin, an ace forward, and Carrickmore dual star Aoibhinn Daly already making a big impact on the senior team.
632	An initial proposal would change this to a lodging tax rate for any home used as a short-term rental for more than 90 days per year, which could quadruple property taxes for an estimated 24,000 short-term rental properties in the state.
633	An interesting glitch in The Elder Scrolls 5: Skyrim turns the game into an Arvak simulator.
634	Anko also wears a small snake pendant, which is a subtle nod to her ties to Orochimaru.
635	Anna in the restaurant grounds under the shady trees.
636	Annex Advisory Services LLC’s holdings in Thermo Fisher Scientific were worth $7,474,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
637	An Officer of the OBE is awarded for distinguished regional or county-wide role in any field, through achievement or service to the community.
638	An official airdate has yet to be revealed, but Bo hasn’t been reunited with several of his loved ones yet.
639	'An ongoing panel of administrators will follow this interim appointment and will be charged with addressing the serious issues identified in the report so that elections can be held at Moira Shire in 2028.
640	An online parenting portal, Raising Children Network, noted that smiles are fundamental to a baby’s development and that it promotes good relationships.
641	Anonymous tips can be submitted through Fayetteville / Cumberland County Crime Stoppers by calling (910) 483-8477 or electronically on their and completing the anonymous online tip sheet.
642	Another added: "Well done Eden you thoroughly deserved your £75000 I hope you enjoy watching it in your bank account!"
643	Another agreed: "Blood, guts, and intestines being eaten is not suitable for kids."
644	Another angle critics pursued was the fact that Mr DeSantis is trailing behind Mr Trump in the polls, giving him tongue-in-cheek advice.
645	Another fan said: "I love this.
646	Another favorite is the pan-seared salmon, rubbed with chimichurri and complete with a special puree and truffle oil.
647	Another fine turnout of 150 cattle on Monday night met with a super trade and a 100% clearance rate.
648	Another group set up an “army recruitment center” outside the municipality building in the ultra-Orthodox city of Bnei Brak.
649	Another growth initiative is our expansion into global markets.
650	Another image showed the pair sharing a sweet kiss, with the caption: 'Te ami Dani.'
651	Another is in prison.
652	Another lawsuit claims that students who attended the academy were exposed to unsafe, unregulated, and unsanitary conditions.
653	Another little talked about effect would be the damage to the ozone layer caused by soaring levels of nitrogen oxides.
654	Another local, who has lived in Paignton for around 50 years, said she no longer felt safe in the town and was selling up in the near future.
655	Another member of the gene therapy franchise is UX111, an intravenous adeno-associated virus 9 (AAV9) gene therapy that provides a cross-correcting enzyme to treat Sanfilippo syndrome type A (MPS IIIA).
656	Another of those shows Dead Boy Detectives, which was announced last year before the merger finalized and originally slated for HBO Max.
657	Another production facility is under construction in Cartersville, 30 miles south along I-75.
658	Another resident, who did not want to be named, said: “It’s the best thing that could possibly be done, although I think it could have been done quicker.
659	Another said: 'Our baby girl was the same!
660	Another solid point.
661	Another solution is to reboot your device.
662	Another statement from Daniel Russell, agent for the applicant Kingscrown said traffic issues would have been worse during the site’s previous use as a garden centre.
663	Another update video showed him walking around his room with one leg off the ground as he used a walker device.
664	Another virtuoso display by Kemp.
665	A notice order was left at the residence and a 2nd notice order was issued via mail.
666	An owner must also be over 16 and have third party public liability insurance against your dog injuring other people.
667	An SUV fords the waters on flooded 208th Street in 2021.
668	“Answers in the hands of the Sheriff Clerk at Glasgow within eight days after intimation, service or advertisement.”
669	Antetokounmpo took only two shots in the first half, making one, but had all six of his assists.
670	Anthony hit 6 of 13 shots with a 3-pointer and grabbed eight rebounds.
671	Anticipating trouble, around 600 police personnel, sourced from across the district, were deployed in and around the university.
672	Anton Dahbura, the executive director of Johns Hopkins University’s Information Security Institute, says the biggest issue in the debate on TikTok’s future is that users are largely unaware of the true risks of foreign governments using their user data.
673	A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on CMC.
674	A number of discounted items were for sale leading up to Saturday's closure.
675	A number of local children got involved in some weeding and litter-picking alongside older volunteers before the fun which was also followed by treats from North Coast Coffee.
676	A number of National Severe Weather Warnings have been issued and these are likely to be updated over the coming days, so stay up to date with the forecast for your area.”
677	A number of Pinoys have started to share and messages following the announcements, thinking that Islander will permanently close down.
678	A number of the petrol stations that were dispensing fuel that was visited by The Guardian, especially those cashing in on the smuggling market, were selling a litre of petrol for between N640 to N650.
679	A NURSE has turned her life around after losing more than six stone.
680	An X-ray shows she has a bulge in her L4 and L5 discs pressing against her spinal cord causing sharp and constant pain.
681	Any former player can contact our box office and make that request.”
682	Any of the alternative protection services listed above would be a better option.
683	Anyone can beat anybody.
684	Anyone who travels abroad often has probably noticed that logging into any streaming service isn’t the same as back home.
685	Anyone who wants to get to them has to go through me first.
686	Anyone with additional information regarding this case is asked to contact the Ephrata Police Department.
687	Anyone with information about the suspect or the incident is asked to contact the Philadelphia Police Department’s Homicide Unit.
688	Anyone with information on the incident is asked to call police at 403-266-1234.
689	Anyone with information regarding this case or other phone scams is asked to contact the Cape May County Prosecutor's Office at (609) 465-1135.
690	Anyone with information regarding this case should contact Southeast District detectives at 410-396-2422 or Metro Crime Stoppers at 1-866-7LOCKUP.
691	"Anything less than real action from the Conservatives will be heartlessly condemning millions of people to more energy misery."
692	"Anytime you lose in the playoffs it's tough… it's tough not to be proud of them and how hard they competed."
693	“Anywhere you literally go, there’s some sign.”
694	A. One notices that they don't even bother threatening the NATO Alliance because that is an empty threat and everyone knows it.
695	A page out of a stamp collectors’ book.
696	A pair of free throws by Damion Baugh — and another by Miles — gave the Horned Frogs a three-point lead with 24 seconds remaining.
697	Aparshakti moves out of comic roles, plays Kashmiri terrorist in upcoming.
698	Apart from Bryan Cranston and Annette Bening, who played Jerry & Marge, respectively, the film features Rainn Wilson, Larry Wilmore, Michael McKean, and others in pivotal roles.
699	"Apart from the heat there have been no hassles.
700	Apart from the journey of this titular the show centers around a society that's more segregated and torn apart by social inequity than ever before.
701	Apartment landlords and developers have a role to play as well.
702	A part of their childhood, a part of their innocence, has been stolen.”
703	APGA lost its oomph and quickly took on the brand of a sectional party.
704	APGA scored 1,900 votes to beat the Labour Party, LP, which polled 431 votes.
705	A pilot car will be utilized to allow for traffic to go both ways on the roads.
706	A plan to add Arkansas to the list of states that provide Medicaid for new mothers for a full year after birth went nowhere.
707	A police cordon was also pictured at the scene today (September 12).
708	A police investigation concluded his death was not suspicious.
709	A police report said they died due to “possible head trauma” from the collision.
710	A police spokesman said: "Although the dog has not been further examined, it is believed to be a XL bully breed.
711	A popular boat jumble is returning to Island Harbour today (Saturday).
712	A popular rebate program to incentivize New Jersey residents to recycle old appliances has been canceled.
713	A POP-UP shop selling vintage, new and retro football shirts in Basingstoke has raised an incredible £9,000 for cancer charities.
714	A portrait of photographer Wayne Thom.
715	A possible idea for Rosalina's involvement could center around her beloved Lumas being in danger and possibly needing assistance with their rescue.
716	A pot can sometimes just be a pot.
717	“A potential purchaser will take into consideration that both water and sewer EDUs will need to be purchased separate from the purchase of the parcel.
718	Apple needs to get more of its latest smartphones into people’s pockets.
719	Apple TV Channels is a feature of Apple TV that allows users to access and stream content from various subscription-based channels directly within the Apple TV app.
720	Apple Vision Pro hands-on, features and performance – what can it do?
721	Appreciate the query crack it down.
722	Approaching a legendary figure is the key element of any reimagining, so the creative team tackled King Kong, that Empire State Building-scaling big boy, by referencing classic cinema.
723	Approximately 5.8% of the shares of the stock are sold short.
724	A previous West End festival.
725	April 09, (THEWILL) – Crystal Palace pulled off a stunning comeback at Elland Road, beating Leeds 5-1 to give their fight for English Premier League survival a much-needed boost with a Michael Olise masterclass.
726	A prime example of this is seen in Travesuras de la niña mala, both ViX premium-level originals.
727	A principal in Livingston Parish has found himself in a massive amount of trouble after he lashed out against a top student.
728	A Professor and Chair of the Department for Governance and Political Science, Olabisi Onabanjo University, Ago Iwoye, Ogun State, Olukotun was an erudite scholar who had impacted many people at the various universities where he taught.
729	A prosecutor said around 4.45am a man was asleep at home in bed after listening to music on headphones and had not heard Logan entering the house before he was "woken by the defendant punching him to the face".
730	A protestor named Rayan had harsh criticism for Roberta Metsola.
731	A RAAC beam that collapsed over the summer prompted the government to warn that school buildings known to contain this concrete will have to close or be made safe.
732	Arab normalization with Syria under President Bashar Al-Assad's government topped the agenda.
733	Arcata, CA – On 5/4/2023 at 9:45 P.M. a unit from Arcata Fire was dispatched to a local alarm at Campground restaurant in Arcata.
734	Archibald says Lori lied to protect Chad – her lover, her eternal in how many worlds companion.
735	Are AR glasses still a pipe dream?
736	A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP measures is included in today’s press release.
737	A red card being shown to Tom Curry.
738	A relaxing area for guests to sit back and cool down sipping an indulgent artisan cocktail, chilled glass of wine or craft beer, watching the festival goers as they stroll by.
739	A remaster is an obvious way to fix that problem, and it seemed like all signs were pointing to one getting announced any day now.
740	Arepa is marketed as “the brain drink” and claims to increase cognitive performance, reduce stress and tackle brain fog.
741	A representative from Astrea Academy Trust, which runs the school, said: "It is absurd to suggest our approach is anything other than in the best interests of all our students, their wellbeing and their life chances."
742	A Requiem Mass will take place at St. Patrick's R.C. Church (Parish of The Holy Redeemer) on Tuesday 19th September at 11.00am, followed by interment at Hey Lane Cemetery at 12.30.
743	“Are we in a far better position than any other large urban district in America?
744	Argentine football fans packed into the Estadio Monumental in capital city Buenos Aires to welcome the national team in their first match since winning the FIFA World Cup in Qatar last December.
745	Argentine voters delivered a blow to the country’s two main political forces in primary elections last week, propelling the outsider candidate on Aug. 13 to the forefront and causing a significant disruption ahead of October’s presidential election.
746	Argus cut their price target on CMS Energy from $75.00 to $62.00 in a research note on Monday, June 26th.
747	Ariel agrees to leave her “voice” with its distinctive “siren song” captive with Ursula in a locket in exchange for being made human for three days.
748	ARISTA would love to meet you, and once she gets to know you, she becomes incredibly affectionate and loves receiving gentle pets.
749	ARK Investment Management sold a whopping $13.5 million stake in cryptocurrency exchange platform on Tuesday.
750	Arlington libraries have stayed afloat via “an over-reliance on temporary employees,” Schwartz says in the budget.
751	Armed with a 13th-generation Intel Core i7 processor, the MSI Katana 15 is designed for a variety of intensive tasks from gaming to professional content creation.
752	Armenian authorities have accused the Russian peacekeepers, who were deployed to Nagorno-Karabakh after the 2020 war, of standing idle and failing to stop the Azerbaijani onslaught.
753	Armstrong said Downey’s school would see an increase in students, which it can handle, while McCammon would remain about the same size.
754	Around 2,000 new species of plants and fungi are found each year, according to Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew (RBG Kew).
755	Around that March arrest, Bristol police announced that they had been asked to perform a wellness check on Hernandez the previous week after receiving an anonymous complaint saying Hernandez planned to smash windows at ESPN and at the state capitol.
756	A rowdy, boulder-sized dude who possesses all the subtlety of a prison riot, Dragge has earned a rep as a human wrecking ball known for laying waste to many a dressing room in his day.
757	Arrows need to be mentally, physically strong at this level: Shanmugam.
758	Arsenal fans were less than impressed with Kai Havertz's showing against Fulham, accusing him of a lack of awareness and understanding with team-mates.
759	Arsenal goalie Aaron Ramsdale is ushered away after being the target of a fan's attempted kick.
760	Arsenal won the League Cup for the sixth time, making them the most successful club in the English Cup competition.
761	Artesian Resources had a net margin of 19.44% and a return on equity of 10.30%.
762	Arthur, thankfully, has a much easier time of it thanks to improved game mechanics.
763	Artificial Intelligence poses a human-extinction risk equally dangerous as a nuclear war, tech leaders warn.
764	Artillery atop Marye's Heights and nearby elevations would thoroughly blanket the Federal approach.
765	Artūras Karnišovas, executive vice president of basketball operations, speaks as the Bulls introduce first-round draft pick Dalen Terry on June 27, 2022.
766	A runaway success since premiering as a limited edition version of the KB in 2016, which ultimately led to it becoming a permanent line-up addition later on, the X-Rider makes its comeback based on the mid-tier LS trim level, and solely as a double cab.
767	A running shooting star press hits Vinci and everything breaks down.
768	As a Black, trans woman, she figured anything that helped her would help others, too.
769	As a bonus, these chests now give 50 Moonstones per day rather than the 10 they gave before.
770	As a creator, you can find out if your activity is labeled as spam, whether it is done intentionally or not.
771	A sadistic paedophile who plotted to sexually abuse youngsters and dogs at a sickening child sex ring party was sent to jail.
772	As a finale to a weekend of concerts, it’s an arresting choice.
773	As a graduate of the foundation’s Technology Apprenticeship Program, she exemplifies the ingenuity, determination, and technical prowess that not only enriches our industry but sets a high standard for those who follow.
774	As a group, analysts predict that Lockheed Martin Co. will post 27.02 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
775	As a group, equities research analysts expect that Newmont Co. will post 2.5 EPS for the current year.
776	“As a judicial officer who often sits in the ACT Magistrates Court bail list, I am genuinely shocked by the under-resourcing that allowed for the scant supervision of Brontë,” the coroner said.
777	“As a kid growing up in Galveston, Texas, I remember the mini Juneteenth Celebration throughout Texas, where people celebrated with family gatherings, great barbecue, red soda, water, and watermelon,” Matthews said during the event.
778	A sale has been agreed for the Old High Church in Inverness.
779	As always, I will continue to root for the city I call home, and to work toward more equity and fairness in every neighborhood,' Lightfoot said in an official statement as she called for unity in Chicago.
780	As a parent, I would like to opt out of having my children whipped.
781	As a part of this turn to reshoring, many supply chain operators have already expanded into Latin America, providing an Asian alternative and a viable backup if supply chain disruption rears its ugly head again.
782	As a play on Dry January, James Beard-nominated Norimoto Bakery in Deering Center announced a number of its baked goods were going “dry” from animal-based butter.
783	As a precaution, the driver, a 32-year-old Spokane, Washington man, was taken to a local hospital despite stating he was uninjured.
784	As a redshirt freshman, Johnson Jr. appeared in nine games off the bench, averaging 0.9 points and 0.6 rebounds in 3.4 minutes per game.
785	As a result, Bhogal learned to cook from her mother’s direction, although she wasn’t always happy about it.
786	As a result of this little adventure, Lennon missed out on I Me Mine's composition and recording entirely.
787	As a result, police arrested and charged Jordin Edward Barth, of Regina, with robbery and mischief under $5,000.
788	As a result, the agreement was expected to end in 1991.
789	As a result, the better they take care of the animals, the faster they will grow, which will then give players the opportunity to unlock and adopt more wild animals from the rooster.
790	"As a result, there was an impact on the continuity of care and support for residents due to the centre's reliance on relief staff to supplement the staff duty rosters."
791	As a result, the tuition that students pay to attend the CSCUs has steadily risen, while the programs and services available to them and their community college peers has been held together by a faculty and staff who are now stretched to their limits.
792	As a result, users can customise their call screening preferences.
793	As a result, you must properly manage your taxes to prevent your city from going under.
794	As a small and very open economy, with exports representing 80% of GDP, Slovenia is “extremely dependent” on external developments and geopolitical risks.
795	“As at now, the school remains in a sorry state as the roofings, toilets, classes among infrastructural defects are being experienced in the school, making the place non conducive for pupils and teachers.
796	As attitudes and individual knowledge towards the need for long term retirement planning improves, employees are all the more aware of the benefits and wider employment package, including pension funding.
797	As bad as the rat-tat-tat shoot ’em up Al Capone image of the city was, at least it was sunk in the mock heroic past.
798	As Beech says this, a constituent in his late 50s, recovering from cancer, arrives at the office with a housing problem.
799	As best we can, we're going to continue to focus on the PIMs that we do have control over.
800	A scam website is listed on the The Belize Times website, the best website to review online stores.
801	“As Christians, we need to be more intentional than ever about PRAYER,” he added.
802	AS Con Houlihan used to say it has been a case of ‘house private, no flowers’ in Kerry since last Sunday.
803	“As consumers, we think (Solartility’s business model) is great, because the more people who are injecting into the grid at times of high demand will actually bring the average price down,” he said.
804	“As countries which are committed to the global rules-based order, it is natural that we should think about ways in which we can cooperate in this respect.”
805	A scratched iPhone screen can be a frustrating issue to deal with, but there are options available to address it.
806	As Damon tells Nick he’s booked an appointment with the Head of the Weatherfield Market Association to discuss a potential pitch for the bistro, Adam wheedles information out of an unsuspecting Paul about the car theft scam.
807	A second one chimed in, "Not her pretending to hesitate saying that word when you know she probably says it on a regular basis.
808	A senior police officer said the recreation of the scene inside the train lasted for nearly two hours.
809	A sense of shame overcame me in knowing that one of my species had injured that noble animal.
810	As evident by the Infinity Saga, saw the titular team become the focal point of the next seven years of filmmaking and helped define almost in some way.
811	As expected, players will be tasked with growing and managing their bustling towns by constructing buildings, placing roads, and refining materials to meet resource demands.
812	As expected, the Yatra commences on 1 July as the visitors will embark on the pilgrimage.
813	“As far as the flag goes, we are definitely going to fly it higher so no one can touch it,” Anna said.
814	As for chart overlays in general, the best thing to do is completely ignore them but in the click-baity world of 2023, they're an irresistible impulse, even to someone like Summers who should know better.
815	As for Mercenary Missions, this involves a range of tasks from boarding an 890 Jump to eliminating enemies on foot in bunkers.
816	As for red flag laws, no one wants to arm a dangerous man intent upon harm, but pre-crime measures tend to involve violating a person’s Fourth Amendment due process rights on the way to restricting his Second Amendment rights.
817	As for the locations for interviews in the Palace of Independence, Natalya Eismont said that it was also very important, and a number of points were always taken into account.
818	As for the original Japanese version, the series is already at its 1064th episode, and it is still going strong.
819	As for the other person in the video, that’s likely Adam’s son AJ, who is also a kicker.
820	As for the overpass/fence painting plans, they have been submitted for a first review by ODOT and the city manager is unsure of when they will receive the reviewed plans back.
821	As for the Warriors-Lakers series, the defending champions are currently favored to advance with odds of about -155.
822	As he cast his vote laying down in bed, his Zoom background featured a picture from I'm Just a Bill, a segment from the 1970s children's cartoon Schoolhouse Rock!
823	As he picks out skimpy clothing for Jocelyn to try on, Tedros threatens a sales associate: “Let me catch you looking at her again, I’ll fucking drag you down Rodeo.
824	As he tried to hold Ellis in place, he began to thrash around, so Rankine put him back on his stomach.
825	As he was high on an ounce of cocaine and after drinking six bottles of vodka, Grimsley held a loaded gun next to his left eye and pulled the trigger.
826	Ashford Price, Chairman of Dan-yr-Ogof Showcaves, said: “All children love Christmas, and dinosaur presents are found in many youngsters Christmas stockings every year.
827	As his peers enjoyed the festive atmosphere, he was helping the men and women catering to the needs of the guests on the island.
828	Ashland’s crown jewel, the Shakespeare Festival, is pleading for a $5 million dollar bailout to survive.
829	Ashley Michel Hoban: We had composite characters this season, but it was really important to all of us from the very beginning to name the victims' names, and to tell their stories as closely to reality as we could.
830	Ashlyn Nassif appeared in 's Downing Centre Local Court on Wednesday, less than two weeks after she was released from custody on charges relating to her alleged involvement in a $150million property fraud.
831	A shuttle will head toward Beam Rocks around 10 a.m. Mahony said she anticipates the clean up lasting until the early afternoon.
832	As I crossed into Idaho and drove into a rest stop I was astonished by this warning sign, “Beware of rattlesnakes.”
833	Aside from a ludicrous number of skills and utility, they contribute in combat through their Sneak Attack.
834	Aside from supplying electricity at cheaper rates than Eskom, it has allowed Rural Maintenance to avoid implementing load-shedding in Frankfort altogether on certain days since February 2023, provided there was enough sunshine on a particular day.
835	As if the outfit itself wasn’t fierce enough, Lisa completed the look with the Alexander Wang Rabbit Wristlet in honor of entering the Year of the Rabbit with the Chinese New Year.
836	As if they haven’t already grabbed more than they paid in, since their simultaneous indictments and “retirements” back in 2020.
837	A significant reason for the popularity of Star Wars is the memorable characters and their relationships.
838	A simple menu hangs on the wall at the Silver Crest Donut Shop.
839	As I noted during my speech, we've been making offers for both Northern European markets as well as North American markets.
840	As investigators began probing the circumstances around the June 16 incident, they found the credit card used in that case was bought over the Internet for $15, court records said.
841	As I said, the market is volatile.
842	As I said yesterday, I’m not quite sure how much Barr has left in the tank, but if the team thinks enough of him to bring him in I’m going to defer to them at this point.
843	As is typical for Republicans these days, he’s lobbed baseless claims of election fraud to explain away his defeat.
844	As I think back to my high school years, where I was filled with brash anxiety, what are the moments I remember the most?
845	As it pinged from one reader to another, people argued about which aspect of the job, which offered to pay “$65,000 to $95,000,” was funniest or most insulting.
846	As it stands now, the VF 8 City Edition will do nothing except earn Vinfast a bad reputation, one that might take decades to shake.
847	As it stands, there are only laws which prevent rents from being raised more than once a year on fixed term agreements of more than two years.
848	Asked if the manner of the loss was down to Euro exertions, Robson said: “You can look for excuses, but I’m not having that.
849	Asked whether the government was likely to change China’s designation, Mr Sunak’s spokesman said: “It is something that is being reviewed as part of the integrated review.
850	As Kendall’s Waystar Royco mania seems to only be ascending, Shiv continues to play both sides and Roman tries to keep them together, it’ll be fascinating to see how the next few weeks shake out.
851	A skeptical eye would know that it's fake because the context is ridiculous but many accounts are out there promoting it as real, and some people believe it.
852	ASK IRA: Would Damian Lillard instantly become…
853	As long as the market closed the previous session above the resistance level at 18,500 USD, buyers may freely set new goals.
854	As long as the proper teams can approve your ad copy and creatives, it really shouldn't pose any problems.
855	A slowdown in new home starts has caused the number of available lots to surge by 65.4% in the United States in the first quarter, according to Zonda, a real estate research firm.
856	As Marlo mentioned, we're feeling good about where we are now.
857	As mentioned above, the first targets are sweetened cereals, yogurts, and flavored milk.
858	As Miles' bumbling mentor in Into the Spider-Verse, Peter B. Parker returned in Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse as a member of the Spider Society.
859	As more consumers look to cut costs and opt for a free streaming experience, services like Freevee, Pluto TV, Tubi, the Roku Channel and Crackle are seeing significant growth.
860	“As more Pinays step up to lead our host communities and share hosting tips with one another, we remain committed to supporting and growing our Pinay host community and ensuring that their roles in contributing to the industry are recognized,” she added.
861	As most of the idols are eco-friendly, they have to be protected from the monsoon rain and placed in the sun to dry.
862	As most teachers are happy to acknowledge, no one school is the perfect fit for all students.
863	“As most types of anxiety are based on worrying and overthinking, this is what the children will copy from their parent as a way to stay safe; except it doesn’t keep them safe, it creates anxiety,” she adds.
864	As much sh*t as our people have been through, land stolen, opportunities blocked, lives taken, we deserve all the reparations.
865	As of 2023, the death count is much more than the 4,000 calculation of 2005.
866	As of January, the country has the vast majority of new manufacturing capacity in the pipeline looking forward to 2030: 85% of wind blade capacity, 90% of solar wafer capacity, and more than 95% of anode and cathode material for EV batteries.
867	As of this posting, we don't have word of injuries.
868	As of Wednesday he was working.
869	ASO stock also appears to be attractively valued at around 8x forward earnings.
870	A sound clinician would listen and reflect, but they wouldn’t affirm that belief by saying “you’re perfect.”
871	A source told the news outlet: "Al-Ettifaq made an offer to Gerrard.
872	As pandemic-era funding and eligibility increases expire, that number is expected to drop to only $5.85 in 2023 and below $5 in 2024.
873	As parents, we know the value of having building-based services.
874	As part of his birthday festivities, Theo became one of the first to be presented with the letter of congratulations by King Charles and Camilla.
875	“As part of our ongoing enquiries, we are continuing to ask for anyone with information or CCTV, dashcam or mobile phone footage which could assist our investigation to come forward.”
876	As part of the Shu Warrior Bundle DLC, the Leaping Tiger Dao blueprint will be available at the start of the game for Dying Light: Definitive Edition players.
877	As part of X’s larger strategy to make its platform more interactive for users, it is also possible that the new profile section will eventually include shops, job listings, location information, and much more.
878	As per Syiem’s affidavit, he owns a licensed 25/32 bore pistol.
879	As per Vanjari’s complaint, he was staying in Chembur with his family comprising his wife and three children.
880	As physician-in-chief of City of Hope Orange County, Kim treats cancer patients from all over Orange County.
881	A SPM is a floating buoy anchored offshore to allow handling of liquid cargo such as petroleum products offloaded from tanker ships.
882	A spokesperson for LotteryTexts commented on the findings: “The Lotto was introduced in 1994 and continues to be played by millions across the UK.
883	A spokesperson for the company said: 'We were shocked and deeply saddened by the loss of our colleague and friend Natalie.
884	A spokesperson for the Transportation Safety Board of Canada declined to comment to CNN, saying more information about its investigation is warranted.
885	A spokesperson said: “Greg Hands has got the Midas Touch, almost everywhere he visits turns Lib Dem gold.”
886	A spokesperson said: "They may say that it is toxic - and try to scare people into paying for expensive and unnecessary new insulation.
887	As rent typically costs far more than the amount of money awarded in housing benefit, and autistic people are less likely to be in work or have access to benefits, they are more likely to struggle to pay for housing.
888	As reported, the dog was seized and taken into the care of kennels.
889	As Scarlet Witch harnesses the powers within her, she upgrades the most effective strategy used by Marvel Studios' Doctor Strange.
890	As Sergio Perez collects his trophy to mark his second placed finish, his dad could not be prouder.
891	As several users have noted on Twitter, she seems to be channelling, in the role of Siobhan, someone like her mother and manager, Kris Jenner, a master of promotion and spin who is often seen as the force behind her daughters’ success.
892	Assistant City Manager Kristin Smith said she had met with Bluestone residents for an hour and a half last week.
893	As some might have already guessed, what follows is a mind-bending mystery in typical Stephen King fashion.
894	"As soon as we arrived in France there was a huge thunderstorm - and that sort of sums up our first few months," says Dave.
895	As South Africans prepare themselves for higher stages of load shedding in the coming colder months there remains a growing concern around the possibility of a total grid failure.
896	As such, rather than focus on a few to watch in each contest, we wondered what kind of team we could create if we used only players expected to play in these games.
897	As Sudanese capital Khartoum continued to witness large-scale violence, the Indian embassy in Sudan issued a fresh advisory on Monday urging Indians not to venture out of their residences and stay calm.
898	Assuming they report on the higher end which is $555 million, this translates to a 26% YoY growth (see below).
899	As Swit put it: "Gene said, 'Ohhh, sweetheart, that's so permanent!'
900	A statement read: "On behalf of our devastated family we express our deepest gratitude for anyone who can attend janaza for our beloved brother."
901	A state police trooper directs traffic around Valley Street in Springfield on Wednesday, Nov. 30, 2022.
902	As the algorithm collects data from temperatures that you input, as well as your reported period days and other data, it will start to predict which days are likely to be fertile.
903	As the broadcast media industry becomes more intertwined with IP, it also becomes more connected with IT, bringing both innovation and inherent challenges.
904	As the bus traveled I-95, the Verdi family rushed down I-91.
905	As the client's owner is also a major shareholder of Stark Logistics, Stark Logistics assisted in the closure of this company's Russian operations," Kraag said.
906	AS the cold snap continues, rural insurer and road safety campaigner NFU Mutual is sharing safe driving advice for motorists.
907	As the company reports its full-year 2022 results, investors should pay close attention to certain areas of the business.
908	"As the county's Destination Management Organisation, we trust in the planning process to ensure a decision that balances all these important factors."
909	As the hearing nears the two-hour mark, Fetterman changes into a suit and heads through the Capitol’s winding underground passages.
910	As their earnings begin to improve, they will likely reinstate a larger dividend which was cut 90% from $0.50 to $0.05 after Hurricane Ian.
911	As The Los Angeles Times’ Jack Harris wrote earlier in the week, as the Dodgers entered their series against the Yankees, no team had swung at fewer pitches.
912	As the movie goes on and the characters start opening up more about what they really want, both Hal and Rebecca have trouble telling the difference between honest declarations and playful -- or not-so-playful -- deceptions.
913	As the principal of a school, I believe that access to equitable education is key to delivering fairness in all corners of the world, as knowledge and confidence are power.
914	As the story hurtles toward its gripping climax, audiences will find themselves on the edge of their seats, reflecting on the dangers and damage inherent in the journey from girlhood to adulthood.
915	As the tech sector keeps laying people off by volume, the “Learn to code” is tired, and “Learn to make a burrito” is wired.
916	As to whether the federal government mismanaged the program and thus contributed to the harm, he said the public will have to wait and see what gets put into the final settlement agreement.
917	As true democrats, the leadership of both PDP and Labour must find a way to work with the other smaller parties towards building a formidable coalition that ensures the contest is even.
918	A student at Wellington College, Rory has been involved with the Hampshire RFU set-up, as well as Vectis RFC.
919	A study of the badges and pins he wore helped the historians construct a clearer profile of Ball’s five-year stint in the U.S. Army, including the two and a half years he spent fighting overseas.
920	A stunning nose of toffee apple, toasted almonds and pear tart meets flavours of pear crumble, fresh custard and lemon meringue.
921	Asuka wins by disqualification, presumably.
922	As Utah leaned on their seven-foot star center, Ben Carlsen, they slowed reeled Colorado in, whittling a 20-12 lead down to a 25-19 lead, before Da Silva led yet another run for the Buffaloes.
923	As Verstappen builds his lead to five seconds over Alonso, he tells his team that the grip is “getting better.”
924	As warning sirens wailed across southern and central Israel, including in Jerusalem, Israel’s military said it was on a war footing and the defense minister said the Iran-backed Hamas had made a “grave mistake” by declaring war on Israel.
925	As we bid farewell to 2023, let's delve into some of the most memorable celebrity bridal looks that graced the year.
926	As we earlier in the week, the Republicans’ 2017 effort to tear down the ACA was a disaster for the party, which Democrats exploited to help take back the House majority in the 2018 midterm elections.
927	As well as a treat for yourself, advent calendars can be ideal for saving some cash when it comes to your Christmas shopping if you choose to re-distribute the contents as mini gifts.
928	As well as checking the small print about April 2024 increases before clicking 'buy' at the online checkout there are a few things phone customers can do to lessen the price rise that may be added to your bill.
929	As well as its four acting nods, the multiverse epic is this year’s most-nominated film, with 11 in total, including Best Picture.
930	“As well as seeking to solve any issues and problems that may arise, we are also a visible presence on the streets, engaging with communities as part of Operation Ambience.
931	As we started discussing last week, there’s a whole bevy of words in the Hebrew language that all mean “corner.”
932	As with all my meetings with councils I will be taking up their issues with the relevant ministers and doing whatever I can to bring them to a positive resolution.
933	As with Forbish’s case, Nicezyporuk denied using slurs, and the complaint was deemed not sustained by investigators.
934	A Sydney council has proposed a tax on empty homes to address the housing affordability crisis and increase the number of rental properties.
935	As you and the child adjust to a new normal, you may find yourself inclined to let the child do or act however the child wants to because the child is grieving.
936	“As you are getting older, every other person is getting older….
937	As you can see below, a new trailer for Adventure 02: The Beginning has gone live, and it showcases all of our season two favorites.
938	As you said, he has abilities that can be very helpful against City."
939	At $30, the price to stream “Black Widow” on television was roughly three theater tickets.
940	At 12:34 p.m. police were dispatched to the 100 block of College Ave. for suspicious activity.
941	At a briefing this afternoon, Brown said the coming days could be worse than what Aucklanders had already endured.
942	At AISA’s 10th National Conference in August, “Young India Wants Education and Dignified Jobs, Not Hate Mobs” was a central slogan.
943	At a meeting Monday, the center acquired bunk beds, clean clothes, and basic toiletries with help from the Mayor’s team.
944	At around 10.20 am, a white Mercedes van, a green Kia Picanto and a white Hyundai Kona were involved in a crash northbound on the A725 near to Hamilton Technology Park.
945	At birth, the sex ratio in the U.S. has historically been 105 men for every 100 women.
946	At Colchester car boot sale one clearance chap was offering the most expensive item I have seen for sale at a car boot in 30 years.
947	At Collins’ age (30 at the start of the season) and already having ongoing injury issues with his hip (he missed all of 2020 due to that injury) that caused him to miss a vast majority of training camp last season.
948	A tearful woman told a court that she still fears her ex boyfriend will kill her when he is released from prison, having threatened to shoot her and her family.
949	At El Rocío, no faces were closed to outsiders.
950	At first, I wasnâ€™t sure how me or my body would handle it, but we pulled it off!
951	At Greystoke Surgery in Morpeth, 91.0% of people responding to the survey rated their overall experience as good.
952	A THIEF stole multiple power tools from a van in broad daylight in Kidderminster.
953	Athletes from Russia and its ally Belarus have been largely frozen out of international sport since the invasion of Ukraine in February last year.
954	A thrilling encounter at the Racecourse was enjoyed by a crowd of 9,924 people.
955	A thrilling roller coaster that takes riders on a journey through the Tesla factory.
956	At independence, Nigeria’s leaders talked about emancipation, they talked about freedom, they talked about unity in diversity, they talked about Africa coming of age.
957	At its basic musical core, the hold one simple melody at the heart of the franchise.
958	"At its core, modern slavery is a manifestation of extreme inequality.
959	At its worst, it was down about 20% as equities and bonds plummeted in the face of soaring inflation and aggressive rate hikes.
960	At just five-months-old she was first diagnosed with hydrocephalus, also known as fluid in the brain, and had to have shunt inserted.
961	ATLANTA, GA - Ronald Acuna Jr. reacts to hitting a two-run homer in the fifth inning against the Philadelphia Phillies on April 9, 2021.
962	Atlas Capital Advisors LLC’s holdings in QUALCOMM were worth $99,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
963	At least 1444 people were killed in Syria in Monday’s quake and about 3500 injured, according to figures from the Damascus government and rescue workers in the northwestern region controlled by insurgents.
964	At least 97 civilians have been killed and 365 injured since the fighting started early Saturday between armed forces and the powerful paramilitary Rapid Support Forces.
965	At least as far as we are concerned, whether a welcoming state or welcoming city, the leaders must make sure that those values are lived in good times and especially in challenging times.
966	At least one other state with permanent funds has taken both approaches.
967	At least, that's the case in the upcoming Disney+ and Marvel Studios series Secret Invasion, which is easily one of the most anticipated shows of 2023.
968	At least they were born (barely), unlike Dunne, when the movie came out.
969	At my own personal level, I was so thrilled with what happened and I also expect that the new government will live according to the expectations and yearnings of the people of Benue State.
970	A total of 139 vehicles were denied a test purely because of the “maintenance history of a diesel engine”.
971	A total of 74 million Americans voted for President Trump in the last election.
972	“At our centre, people wait since 5 a.m., though we open at 9 a.m. Many of them lose their wages for the day in order to get the Aadhar updated,” said P. Manish Kumar, an operator at Ibrahimpatnam.
973	A traffic jam of prams and pushchairs outside the Boyes store in Holderness Road.
974	A trailer for "Real Rail Adventures: Swiss International Hubs."
975	A tram passes the European Central Bank in Frankfurt, Germany, Thursday, Dec. 14, 2023.
976	A transgender athlete who now identifies as a woman has won four different female running competitions so far this year alone after smashing a women’s 5000 meter record last year.
977	A triage nurse, Eithne Friery, said she had assessed Ahana as not warranting consideration of sepsis as, although she had a fast pulse, she “did not appear unwell.”
978	Atria Investments LLC now owns 14,331 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $1,895,000 after purchasing an additional 835 shares during the last quarter.
979	A trial is currently underway in the heart of Eberswalde forest northeast of Berlin, a hotspot for wildfires in the country.
980	A troubling implication of the majority view is that even relatively minor levels of military advantage may render a large structure liable to attack in its entirety, even where its total destruction would severely impact civilians.
981	At Scarlet House, 95-year-old resident, Ruby, read to the children and said: “I’ve always enjoyed reading and loved reading to my children and grandchildren when they were younger.
982	At some point, the next few quarters, is there a chance that you would need to pay out a special dividend?
983	At South Piha, surf lifeguards responded to reports of a rock fisher being washed off the rocks, while at Raglan, surf lifeguards supported the Coastguard response to a boater being washed overboard as the boat he was on crossed the Raglan bar.
984	Attackers know that if they can disrupt a supply chain, their demands for higher ransomware payouts will be quickly met by enterprises that can’t afford to be down for long.
985	Attacking Russia directly may have some military benefits, but I'm guessing Ukraine feels that it would embolden the Russian public, leading to an increase in voluntary enlistment to protect the Motherland etc.
986	Attacks caused fires in Ukrainian grain facilities in Odessa and the Danube River region overnight, as Ukrainian air defenses shot down 11 out of 20 drones attacking the region.
987	AT&T also offers the option of calling customer support to turn on caller ID blocking at the carrier level, while T-Mobile's website implies it only offers per-call blocking and handset-level blocking.
988	Attempts by ABC News to reach Butler for comment were unsuccessful and it is unclear if he has retained an attorney.
989	Attendance figures are through the roof and belief is growing that this year could be the one to end a 15-year wait for a return to the English Football League.
990	At that point, it was easier to make friends.
991	“At that time we were unsure as to whether we could take him in due to having our own birds to consider (ducks and chickens),” said Critteraid director Caroline Ryan.
992	At the age of 19 he found his father, the quantum physicist Hugh Everett III, dead of a heart attack.
993	At the back, Alisson Becker, Trent Alexander-Arnold and Kostas Tsimikas all play alongside Ibrahima Konate, who started the first 45 minutes against USG in Brussels on Thursday.
994	At the beginning of the sound era, the rate was standardized at 24 frames per second.
995	At the end of last year, to help with the sharp rise in those asking for help, the hired two full-time members of staff, solely to deal with energy-related advice.
996	At the end of Ramadan, Muslims celebrate the festival of Eid al-Fitr.
997	At the end of the day it is a team sport.
998	At the end of the video, you can see how happy Matthieus was when his newfound friend was able to make a shot and play with him even just for a short time.
999	At the end of this retreat you are going to sign a Bond of Understanding between the ministers, the Permanent Secretaries and myself.
1000	At the event, participants can socialize, shred their documents, and show support for animals in need at the same time.
1001	At the intersection of Rts.
1002	“At the NNPC, what are we doing?
1003	At the plate, Mackenzie White (double and two RBIs), Josie Hoyle and Leah White (two RBI) all finished with two hits while Robbins went 1-for-2 with a double.
1004	At the same time, I remain somewhat cautious due to lackluster revenue and earnings performance by this company, but also of the sector it is in.
1005	At the same time, the party lacks a single overarching narrative on which to appeal to the voter.
1006	At the same time there were incidences that included waking up to my dad being brought home by the police after being caught drinking and driving.
1007	At the time, he said Russian casualties were well over 100,000.
1008	At the time of publication, Dana Blankenhorn held a LONG position in MSFT and AMZN.
1009	At the time the Abbasid Caliphate was dealing with political instability following civil wars and revolts as the military frequently clashed with ruling caliphates.
1010	At the time, the anime wasn't privy to the manga's secrets that explained everything about Ichigo, such as his bottomless drive and strength.
1011	At the time, this breach may have been sufficient to terminate the tenancy agreement.
1012	At the time, this would have been author Jared Rivet.
1013	At the time, you think you’re so grown.
1014	At the very least, this show keeps everyone guessing as the twists and turns get more severe.
1015	At this point the narrative switches to Addi (Birgir Dagur Bjarkason), the one who assaulted Balli.
1016	At this rate, he’ll be the Patriots OC again by the end of the year after OBrien flames out.
1017	“At this year at ECMA’S I am so grateful to be playing four performances with my band.”
1018	At two additional checkpoints, we were searched again.
1019	A two-day interactive session with Government e Marketplace (GeM) authorities on existing as well as additional functionalities in the GeM portal was organised by mining major NMDC at its head office here from Thursday.
1020	At worst, it took close to six years.
1021	AUCKLAND, New Zealand — Fresh-faced newcomer Sophia Smith teamed with captain Lindsey Horan to give the United States a balanced performance as the Americans breezed to another opening victory at the Women’s World Cup.
1022	A UKRAINIAN family who fled the devastating war in their home country and ended up stuck on a cruise ship on the Clyde for months are now rebuilding their life in Greenock.
1023	Austin Barnes made it a two-run game, 7-5, with a sacrifice fly and Mookie Betts drove a fly ball to deep left field.
1024	Australia launched a review into the obligations former Defence Force personnel have to protect state secrets, after reports Australians were among Western military pilots who had been approached to help train the Chinese military.
1025	Australian Jason Scrivener had five birdies in his 69 which leaves him on eight under for the tournament, tied for 21st.
1026	Australia, other than Tasmania, is now predominantly governed by Labor.
1027	Author David Grossman speaks during a protest against the government's planned judicial overhaul, in Tel Aviv, January 21, 2023.
1028	Authorities in Curry County, Oregon, found Walter's black Mazda sedan on Friday and he was arrested a short time later, officials said.
1029	Authorities say Greene was waiting for the victim and their child who were returning to their 100 block of Culler Road home on Thursday morning.
1030	Authorities say the vandalism happened overnight and it comes as cases of antisemitism rise across the United States.
1031	Author talks about a 120% payout ratio yet never mentions the words "master limited partnership" or MLP.
1032	Autoscope Technologies Corporation is a global company dedicated to helping improve safety and efficiency for cities and highways by developing and delivering above-ground detection technology, applications and solutions.
1033	AUTUMN officially hit in the Hunter over the Easter long weekend as residents awoke on Easter Monday to one of the coldest mornings in months.
1034	"Availability of water for consumption is very low, so we must always advocate for equitable and just distribution of water resources.
1035	Available by default.
1036	Avantis International Equity ETF stock traded down $0.06 during midday trading on Monday, hitting $53.66.
1037	A verbal disturbance involving criminal threats occurred in the Industry and Technology Education Center.
1038	A very normal run of the mill gelateria.
1039	A video of Tejasvi Surya using his mobile phone allegedly inside the counting centre went viral, leading the Congress to allege manipulation.
1040	A video of the traffic stop shot by News Channel Nebraska spread quickly online.
1041	A vote on the resolution, first scheduled for Monday, was pushed back again until Thursdayas talks continued in the hopes of getting the U.S. to support it or allow it to pass after it vetoed an earlier cease-fire call.
1042	Away from the action on the pitch, the January transfer window is fast approaching and the rumour mill continues to turn.
1043	A well-known advocate in Seattle for police reform, she received a MacArthur “genius grant” for her work to create alternatives to the criminal justice system.
1044	A white ring surrounds the canyons at Lake Mead on June 16, 2021.
1045	A windowed breakfast room with more original crown molding is off the kitchen.
1046	A woman reported that she had paid several thousand dollars for her brother to be smuggled into the country, but the smugglers demanded more money before they could release him.
1047	A woman rests as negotiations went into the night.
1048	Awoniyi thereafter joined Liverpool in 2015 for a fee of around £400,000 but was always loaned out to various clubs and he never played for the Reds.
1049	A WWE 2K23 player brings a popular, all-women's pay-per-view from WWE's recent history to life inside the game's arena creator.
1050	A year after their arrest, Bliss and Coit’s case is unresolved.
1051	Ayina’s first-half challenge on Brad Lyons — which brought about his first caution — was in that fraught middle-ground between yellow and red.
1052	Ayo Dosunmu added 10 points for the Bulls, who have lost eight of nine.
1053	A young couple tenaciously outbid four other would-be buyers to win the keys to a weatherboard Footscray house in a drawn-out auction on Saturday.
1054	Backed by Hearts and Stranraer, they submitted a members’ requisition calling for a general meeting in a bid to have another impartial and more comprehensive post-mortem carried out.
1055	Backed well from all four stands of the LNER Community Stadium, Leeds provided first-half encouragement.
1056	Back in 2012 this newspaper was on the scene when his fortified home in Eastbrook, Corby, was raided by police officers.
1057	Back in 2017, it was the first sold-out show we ever played, and ever since then it’s been very special to us.
1058	Back in 2017, Sakeru Gummy ran a series of candy commercials to drum up hype for its 15-inch-long taffy, the appropriately named Long Sakeru Gummy.
1059	Back in March of 2022, the Kansas City Chiefs signed JuJu Smith-Schuster to a one-year, $10.75 million contract.
1060	Back our Ukraine vs England Bet Builder which has been BOOSTED to 22/1!
1061	Back then heroin was rampant, as were overdoses and death.
1062	Back with Sonny, he’ll get a request from Gladys Corbin (Bonnie Burroughs).
1063	Báez topped that the next inning with a backhand grab of José Ramírez’s hard smash followed by another strong throw.
1064	Bagent is the son of a 28-time world champion arm wrestler (Travis Bagent) who helped the sport’s profile rise to ESPN broadcasts.
1065	Baillie Gifford & Co. now owns 57,084,234 shares of the bank’s stock valued at $210,070,000 after buying an additional 1,941,835 shares during the period.
1066	Balaji, congratulations on the new seat.
1067	Balancing the nation's interests and maintaining a welcoming environment for skilled workers and students poses a complex challenge.
1068	Bald eagle are just one of the impressive animals to call the Hudson Valley home.
1069	Ballast Inc. now owns 168,353 shares of the company’s stock valued at $13,650,000 after acquiring an additional 1,076 shares during the last quarter.
1070	Ballina local Sue George is prepping herself ahead tomorrow’s sold-out Gold Coast 50 running festival.
1071	Balloons are classified as toys in-game, but they’re actually one of LEGO most useful tools, allowing players to get a new perspective on their procedurally generated worlds.
1072	Baltimore (Gibson 3-0) at Chicago White Sox (Kopech 0-2), 2:10 p.m.
1073	Baltimore police department acting commissioner, Richard Worley, confirmed there were a total of 30 victims during a press conference at the scene.
1074	Bandido pounced the 21-plex, but Takeshita flipped out.
1075	Bank of America Corp DE now owns 1,405,976 shares of the financial services provider’s stock valued at $123,009,000 after purchasing an additional 69,927 shares in the last quarter.
1076	Banku shall rise again!
1077	‘Barbie’s Greta Gerwig Brought to Tears by Ken Flash Mob Sent by Ryan Gosling for Her Birthday (Video)thewrap.
1078	Barcelona are willing to insert a clause in Joao Cancelo’s loan contract that would see his loan with an option to buy him become an obligatory purchase.
1079	Barclays reduced their target price on shares of Canadian Pacific Kansas City from C$120.00 to C$115.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a report on Thursday, October 5th.
1080	Barclays upgraded Azul from an “underweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and raised their price target for the company from $8.00 to $14.00 in a research note on Monday, July 10th.
1081	Bargain hunters were thrilled to learn this secret as the Christmas season is fast approaching - but they will have to act fast.
1082	Barman, a member of the Congress Working Committee, told reporters later, “ arrived at Agartala on a special flight and boarded a chopper to fly to Mizoram.
1083	Barnes has attracted interest from a number of Premier League sides, including the Toon, West Ham United and Aston Villa.
1084	Barry Allen's creation of the most unstable DC world is something that has officially put a permanent stain on his otherwise stellar reputation.
1085	Barry Robson says Aberdeen were nowhere near good enough at Celtic Park.
1086	Barry’s father, Henry Allen (portrayed by Office Space star Ron Livingston), sits in prison for the death of his wife.
1087	Bartlett & Co. LLC now owns 609 shares of the company’s stock worth $63,000 after purchasing an additional 133 shares during the period.
1088	Based on application, in 2025, the nuggets segment is expected to account for the largest share of the lab-grown meat market.
1089	Based on data from MarketBeat, the stock presently has a consensus rating of “Moderate Buy” and an average price target of $121.
1090	Based on Euromonitor data, AB InBev holds 26.5% of the value of the world's $579 billion beer market.
1091	Based on how the Patriots have deployed Gonzalez this summer, it would be surprising if he wasn’t one of their starting outside cornerbacks in Week 1. But no, he hasn’t been dominant this summer.
1092	"Based on the original Eastman & Laird Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles comic books from Mirage Studios, the Shredder Clones 3-pack stands in 7-inch scale and includes extra hands and space worms.
1093	Based on your answers you will be given a personalised plan of things to focus on.
1094	Basically, the MHM is a longer version of the existing six-month debt moratorium that anyone can currently use.
1095	Basically we just completely took the whole house back to basics and started again."
1096	Bassett had three, Zoe Graham and Watkins had two while Hadilee Arnold, Madeira Sirmons, and Baker all had a hit apiece.
1097	Bate’s had Lee’s back while most of the roster was gunning for his title, but Gacy was planting seeds of doubt in the champ’s mind about his friend’s intentions.
1098	Battle of Cantigny 105th Anniversary: 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday, May 28, at the First Division Museum Military Park, 1S151 Winfield Road, Wheaton.
1099	Bay did settle into the game and Tommy Creamer and Sam Downey both fired over the crossbar.
1100	Bayelsa State Governor, Senator Douye Diri, on Saturday, gave kudos to the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for the conduct of the House of Assembly election in the state.
1101	Bayern Munich’s new recruit Senegalese forward Sadio Mane performs during a training session of Germany’s first division Bundesliga team FC Bayern Munich at the club’s area in Munich, southern Germany.
1102	Bayern were stung by the way Manchester City casually swatted them aside last season in the quarter finals and in response tore up the entire structure of the club, sacking CEO and club legend Oliver Kahn and removing sporting director Hasan Salihamidzic.
1103	Baz Luhrmann’s latest project “Elvis” marks his glamorous return to filmmaking, almost a decade after his last feature film, “The Great Gatsby,” was released in 2013.
1104	Bazoum’s government has been a top ally to both the U.S. and Europe in the fight against violent extremists linked to al-Qaida and the Islamic State group in Africa’s Sahel region.
1105	BBC Local News: Sheffield and South Yorkshire -- Live coverage of Saturday's League One game between Burton Albion and Sheffield Wednesday.
1106	BB fans debate between Taylor and Nicole.
1107	BBR Partners LLC now owns 6,636 shares of the enterprise software provider’s stock worth $464,000 after buying an additional 141 shares in the last quarter.
1108	BCB President Hilbert Foster in a passionate opening remark to the attentive youths urged them to grasp as much information as possible.
1109	B.C.’s violent Crime Severity Index for 2021 was over four per cent higher than 2020, and there were 125 more homicides, as well, or a roughly 24 per cent increase from the previous year.
1110	BDA Spirits got a hat-trick from Brandon Willett, with Richard Campbell adding two goals and Chad Cundliffe scored once, while Jeremy Estey scored twice for Spine and Sport, with Ryan Sulley adding the other.
1111	Beanotown is located less than an hour from where you live – as long as you travel by skateboard.
1112	Beastars creator Paru Itagaki is hyping the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles in a new sketch.
1113	BEAUTY PIE's Black Friday sale has landed much to beauty enthusiasts' delight.
1114	Because intelligence and military secrets are the crown jewels of any nation’s security, it is a grouping which depends utterly upon mutual trust and confidence; in that regard, it has no equivalent in the global architecture.
1115	Because of that, MHFM communities would be able to buy fresh foods and vegetables with EBT cards, if they receive benefits from the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or CalFresh.
1116	Because of this it is vital we have a design guide that reflects these distinct areas but also places a shared importance on protecting the environment and encouraging bio-diversity.
1117	Because of this, many business class has come in trouble, due to which the business class is facing problems of payment, return goods and many other ways, which is a matter of great concern.
1118	Because phones (the ones that I'm aware of) add on heavy contrast, saturation, and distortion correction after the shot for you.
1119	Because that power hasn’t been transferred to McHenry in this interregnum, the legislative process has ground to a halt.
1120	"Because the competition authority calculates a return based on the quantity of assets, there is no reason to merely hand over assets.
1121	Because the lid is sealed, it keeps flies, ants, and other yuckies out of your cat’s food, and is ideal for serving up wet food without drying out.
1122	Because the strength of any democracy is a reflection of the strength of the party system.
1123	Because they can grow to 15 feet and need to cover extensive distances daily to feed - travelling 50 miles in a single day - and breathe, their natural habitat is not so easily replicated.
1124	Been told he will sign until 2027.
1125	Beets can be pickled so they can be enjoyed year-round.
1126	Before founding the settlement in 1911, Jared Sidney Torrance had formulated a vision for the new city.
1127	Before going missing he was last seen on foot in the area of Cave Creek and Bell roads at around 12:15 p.m. DPS announced the Silver Alert was canceled at 7 p.m.
1128	Before Mahomes was due to sit with Jimmy Kimmel, Leach and his tattoo came to the attention of Kimmel's producers, who had Leach in the front row for the QB's time on set.
1129	Before Saturday, North Carolina has had a ban on most abortions after 20 weeks.
1130	Before taking a position with the public defender service, McGraw was director of the Office of Recovery Community Affairs for the state Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services.
1131	Before the game even started, a trio of girls were observed in the infield tossing the fine dirt above their heads and making clouds while belting out “Let it Go.”
1132	Before the grand final, one live semi-final took place in Liverpool on Tuesdsy (9 May), with the second set to take place on Thursday (11 May) at 8pm.
1133	Before the pandemic around 88% of children took up the offer of these vaccines, which are usually given at the same time.
1134	"Before the wedding, the groom was not okay with the bride being walked down the aisle.
1135	Before they could answer, the Motor City Machine Guns walked to the ring.
1136	Before Thursday, the last time Tristan Jarry set foot on the ice of Madison Square Garden … one of them was broken.
1137	Before we begin, please remember that during the course of this call management may make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws.
1138	Before we say farewell to the star eliminated in the Sunday evening show, the professional dancers take to the stage to show everyone what they're made of.
1139	Before you go with a case like that, just remember how much your phone costs -- but it is better than having no case at all.
1140	Before you know it, in March, the rains will start and then you tell us, ‘Because of rain….’
1141	Behind Wilson and Johnson, there’s a competitive battle for the third starting receiver position, with sophomore Tyler Morris seemingly having an edge.
1142	Beijing also "opposes external forces interfering in Iran's internal affairs and undermining Iran's security and stability", and will continue to "promote the early and proper resolution of the Iranian nuclear issue", the Chinese leader said.
1143	BEIJING (AP) — A fire in a coal company building in a northern Chinese city has killed 26 people and injured at least 38. State media say rescue personnel have evacuated dozens of people from the building.
1144	Beijing has broadly defined indtries it considers “critical” as ones such as public communication and transport but has not specified jiness these apply to.
1145	“Being selected for this award made me realize the importance of having a great team, great leadership support and confirmed that I have amazing wingmen,” said Paige.
1146	Belfast Artisan Distillery Gin is a London Dry Gin with a Belfast twist.”
1147	BELGRADE, Serbia (AP) — A fire in a southwestern Serbian town has killed four children and injured their parents, police said on Sunday.
1148	Believing they had possession, the Mavericks lined up on the offensive end of the court, allowing Warriors center Kevon Looney to have a free dunk off an inbound pass.
1149	Belize Establishes Diplomatic Relations with The Gambia and…
1150	Belleek’s Jamie set for Late Late Toy Show!
1151	Below, we take a look at the biggest items on the agenda - subject, of course, to PCC approval - and what their impact could be.
1152	Benchmark analyst Bruce Jackson maintained a Buy rating.
1153	Bendigo (11-10) began their campaign with a 7-0 streak before finishing it with six straight losses - several of them one-sided - to freefall out of finals contention.
1154	Benefits of using this onion extract range from therapeutic to medicinal.
1155	Bengals’ Jonah Williams, Joseph Ossai undergo offseason surgeries Both players fought through injury this past season.
1156	Bennett went on to discuss the racial prejudice, inequality, and violence Black Americans still face today.
1157	Bennett will feature in the second episode of the Stan Original Documentary Series, Dawn of the Dolphins.
1158	Benny and I celebrate our culture and that’s our vibe.
1159	Benue people were surprised to see the number of cars recovered at a property belonging to someone they once held in trust,”he said.
1160	Besides being a singer, songwriter, and now coach, McEntire has also been a record producer, actor, television producer, voice actor, and film producer.
1161	Besides serving as a real headache for fans and for area bar owners/operators, this prime time viewing experiment for the Broncos often turns into an unnecessary distraction.
1162	Besides soccer balls, the clubs also need a variety of other balls and equipment: basketballs, footballs, baseballs, dodgeballs, volleyballs, kickballs, tether balls, tennis balls — and even items that aren’t balls at all.
1163	Besides the commercial success, the movie also made Curtis a symbolic action heroine while reinstating Schwarzenegger’s image as the ultimate action hero and also a comedian.
1164	Besides the obvious place to sit down and rest a glass, living room design is very personal and the way the space is shaped will vary from home to home.
1165	Be that as it may, it didn’t impress all, with some criticism lobbed at the packaging, and also suggested users would be happier investing in the eye cream ‘if you want results’.
1166	Be that as it may, the company's multiplatform titles have never circumvented Sony's consoles, not to mention that the 2013 Sega acquisition also started stabilizing Atlus's overall platform strategy.
1167	Between 1917 and 1926 the economy contracted by almost 10%.
1168	Beveridge Park has been in existence for such a lengthy period that it creates a feeling of permanence.
1169	Be vigilant of unexpected callers or cold-callers offering doorstep services – write down who they said they were, details of any vehicle they were in, and save and back-up any CCTV footage.
1170	Beyond that, they never stop to grasp and acknowledge that the debt they owe blacks who were slaves for more than two and a half centuries.
1171	Bhattacharya’s tenure as SBI Chairman during 2013-2017 was, in many ways, a glorious period for women in banking.
1172	Bia’s signing ceremony coincided with a visit from Navajo Nation President Buu Nygren, who was a keynote speaker for Chinle’s senior class.
1173	Biden Is Still Trying To Ban Federal Oil, Gas Leasing https://t.
1174	Biden on Monday also announced sweeping new protections for federal land and waters in Alaska in tandem with Willow approval.
1175	Biden Picks New World Bank Chief »
1176	Biden traveled to Madison, Wisconsin, on Wednesday, and he was greeted with an ad in the Wisconsin State Journal to boost Chicago’s bid.
1177	Biden won't even talk, can't even talk to the press.
1178	Big Bad Google threatening the Supreme Court.
1179	Big Brother Reindeer Games has brought back some of the most interesting players to compete for their $100,000 grand prize, including this BB legend.
1180	"Big changes to your day-to-day life can be a particular trigger for anxiety," Mind added.
1181	Big clubs, like Arsenal, have come for me and it’s really hard to turn down,” Rice told Arsenal’s website.
1182	Big Ed wanted to propose to Rose and wanted to not have any doubts about her before making the biggest decision of his life.
1183	Bigger than usual crowds formed around the Home Run Apple at the entrance to the stadium.
1184	Bill Cosby arrives for a sentencing hearing following his sexual assault conviction at the Montgomery County Courthouse in Norristown, Pa.
1185	Billie’s got a mortgage.
1186	Billionaire quant Igor Tulchinsky on AI’s promise and risksemafor.
1187	Billionaire Salinas Fails to Reach Accord Over TV Azteca Bondsbloomberg.
1188	Bill's funeral will take place on Tuesday 8th August 2023 at 2pm at All Saints Church, Culmstock.
1189	Bionano specializes in selling the Saphyr system, an automated platform designed for optical genome mapping of ultra-high molecular weight DNA.
1190	BioNTech continues to adopt all measures to maximize profit from the vaccine, including to share vaccine technology with low-income countries, and investing instead in the shipment of pre-fabricated mobile factories to Rwanda.
1191	BIO’s overall value score of 50 out of 100 tells us that there are likely serious issues with this company.
1192	Bird Construction has a 52-week low of C$5.74 and a 52-week high of C$9.55.
1193	Bit of a left from Bautista.
1194	Bit of a right from Quarantillo then he tries a takedown but that stalls out on the fence.
1195	Blackbeard has yet to show whether he has Future Sight or not.
1196	Black Panther: Wakanda Forever is the award-winning sequel to Black Panther.
1197	BlackRock Inc. now owns 80,373,017 shares of the coffee company’s stock valued at $7,961,751,000 after buying an additional 3,459,390 shares during the last quarter.
1198	Black voters will go from comprising less than one-third of the voting-age population to nearly 50%.
1199	Blaine Burke would finish the night with 73 yards on 15 carries for a touchdown.
1200	Blair William & Co. IL now owns 37,192 shares of the pharmaceutical company’s stock worth $1,620,000 after acquiring an additional 1,094 shares in the last quarter.
1201	Blinken agreed about unity when confronting Iran and preventing it from acquiring nuclear weapons.
1202	Blockchains and, broadly speaking, the digital space fuelled by an artificial intelligence revolution urgently need to establish verifiable human identities to ensure trust, accountability and regulatory compliance.
1203	Block Inc., down $10.03 to $63.
1204	Bloke lifts wheelie bin lid and spots snake which had ‘recently eaten a rat’
1205	Bloomberg strategist Mike McGlone said he believes in the future of the first two cryptocurrencies.
1206	Bloomfield's quotes to follow shortly.
1207	Blue Island police said one of 15 cars that derailed possibly is a tanker, according to WBBM-TV.
1208	Blue Jackets: Continue a five-game road trip at Los Angeles on Thursday night.
1209	BMO Capital Markets decreased their target price on shares of Analog Devices from $215.00 to $200.00 in a research note on Thursday, May 25th.
1210	B&M offers a wide range of products, from groceries to household items, electronics, furniture, and seasonal goods.
1211	BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA raised its stake in shares of Blue Bird by 198.6% in the 2nd quarter.
1212	Bobcat senior Sadie Morgan runs on the field during a game against Liberty Common in 2021.
1213	Bob MacIntyre aims to use next week’s BMW PGA Championship to initially “pick the brains” of his Ryder Cup team-mates then “beat their brains out” on the iconic West Course at Wentworth.
1214	Bobrovsky got sick before what basically was a must-win game for the Panthers in Toronto last month.
1215	Bodies are left where they fall.
1216	Bold and the Beautiful (B&B) spoilers reveal that Steffy Forrester (Jacqueline MacInnes Wood) will wrestle with some heartbreak since Eric Forrester (John McCook) is facing a terminal diagnosis.
1217	"Bolsonaro should not be in Florida," Democratic Congressman Joaquin Castro said on CNN.
1218	Bonza launched on the Sunshine Coast in January, with CEO Tim Jordan promising it would “change the aviation environment for the better – for the many, not just the few”.
1219	Booted to third place after debuting in second place last week was “The Witcher” in the first full week of availability for Season 3. The series was watched for 1.2 billion minutes during this viewing window, down from 1.3 billion the previous week.
1220	Boothbay Fund Management LLC purchased a new stake in Shift4 Payments in the 3rd quarter valued at about $492,000.
1221	Bored with the little things?
1222	Born and raised in the Amazon, he now lives in South Florida.
1223	Born in Birkenhead on the Wirral, Merseyside, O’Grady later adopted Kent as his home for more than 20 years ago, with his husband writing: “While the funeral will be a private ceremony, as many of you know, Paul cared a lot about his local community.
1224	Born in Inwood, the son of the late Wilfred and Pearl (McLean) Chapman.
1225	Born the son of a poor Sunni Muslim fruit picker in Sidon, southern Lebanon, Hariri at one point amassed an estimated $16bn fortune from building hotels, convention centres and palaces in Saudi Arabia.
1226	Borrego Springs then defeated Hamilton in a 10-1 contest.
1227	Boston Kebab House, a takeaway at 8 High Street, Boston was given the score after assessment on August 7, the Food Standards Agency's website shows.
1228	Both are adapted from novels; Polley’s film is based on the work by Miriam Toews, while Alfred Hitchcock’s was an adaptation of Daphne du Maurier’s.
1229	Both films are set in New York City.
1230	Both having to walk on three legs and the years of abuse that Moses endured have taken a toll on Moses’s spine and nervous system, and he now needs specialist rehabilitation – such as hydrotherapy – to lead a high-quality life.
1231	Both Nine (the owner of this masthead) and Seven are expected to consider approaching FIFA for the 2026 cup.
1232	Both of Aberdeen's defeats to Kilmarnock and Celtic followed Europa Conference League fixtures on the Thursday night, but Boyd did not accept this as an excuse.
1233	Both O’Halloran and White expressed concern about the misuse of AI.
1234	Both phones have triple-lens main cameras with wide, ultrawide and telephoto lenses, but the way each device processes images is much different.
1235	Both programs are also designed to run in real time, so you don't have to worry about them interfering with each other.
1236	Both remain in police custody."
1237	Both South Africa and Bermuda’s non-compliance is due to a failure to appropriately implement the WADA Code into their legal systems.
1238	Both teams are chasing a fourth World Cup title.
1239	Both teams are in constant preparation for these tournaments and are looking forward to competing there.
1240	Both the NHCC Foundation and the DCA didn’t not got into details about Huerta’s departure, but the foundation confirmed that Wednesday was Huerta’s official last day.
1241	Both tiers of subscription (Essential with advertisements and Premium without) include NFL on CBS live, and for Premium subscribers, everything playing on your local CBS station.
1242	Boulerice said the yurt idea deserves further discussion.
1243	Bow the Staffordshire terrier is a happy chap who is hoping to find his retirement home.
1244	Box Office: ‘Hunger Games’ Gobbles Up $19.1 Million Opening Day, ‘Trolls 3’ Rolls to Second as ‘The Marvels’ Faces Brutal Dropvariety.
1245	Boyd, who signed on for a two-year contract, began his new job Friday.
1246	Bradley was remanded in custody to appear before Kidderminster Magistrates’ Court on December 27.
1247	Bragg is also Black.
1248	Brain Tumour Research has called for a national spend of £35 million to improve survival rates.
1249	Brandon Cronenberg’s body-horror “” is a movie that leaks.
1250	Braun Bostich & Associates Inc. lifted its stake in ) by 8.4% during the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
1251	Bravin has always been into strategy games, he said.
1252	Break away from the everyday romantic love messages.
1253	Bridewell was hit with a three-place grid penalty for Race Three after he barged into Irwin at the Melbourne Loop in Sunday’s opening race, wiping them both out after they had been in contention for victory.
1254	BRIDGWATER Half Marathon returns this Sunday, seeing thousands of runners lace up their trainers in search of an elusive PB, or to raise money for charity.
1255	Brienen, who works at Canfor’s Houston mill along with more than 300 others, said he considers the town better prepared than others because it has experience getting through the permanent closure of a mill owned by a different company in 2014.
1256	Brighton have slapped a reported price tag of £70 million on Mac Allister.
1257	Brindabella Christian College appears to be using uncertified structures as classrooms, information gathered by the Lyneham Community Association suggests.
1258	Bring your family out for a fun day at the ballpark!
1259	Britain has also been critical of the Islamic Republic’s violent crackdown on antigovernment protests, sparked by the death in custody of a young Iranian-Kurdish woman in September.
1260	Britain’s standing in Transparency International’s Corruption Perceptions Index fell sharply last year, which it ascribed to “recent decline in standards in government and controls over the use of taxpayer money”.
1261	Britney finally found stability in her relationship with her now-former manager, Jason Trawick, in 2009.
1262	Britney Spears says ‘no one needs to call the police’ in second video of her dancing with ‘knives’
1263	Brixmor Property Group wants to reconfigure the northeast corner of Route 59 and Aurora Avenue to create Block 59, which the company describes as a gateway to Naperville and an upscale dining and entertainment destination.
1264	Broadcasting Organisations of Nigeria (BON), is aimed at recognising and rewarding excellence in the broadcast media industry.
1265	Brooks admitted to his misconduct in the case.
1266	Brooks asked Hardin before then telling him, “Please get off me man.”
1267	Brooks Running appointed Stagwell’s Assembly as its paid media agency of record in North America following a review.
1268	Brown is cagey about how this new “meat” is constructed.
1269	Brown said he has constituents who got those window tint exemptions before it began illegal.
1270	Brown says enrolments have increased threefold since offering the senior program, hundreds of whom have gone on to university.
1271	Brown’s threats were different than the standard sinister-but-anonymous phonecall, Kelly told The Post.
1272	Bruce Wayne watched his parents bleed out on the pavement in front of him.
1273	Bryanna Sellars was last seen in Williams Lake on Sept. 25, 2023 at Maranatha Christian School.
1274	Bryce Strong scored three first-half touchdowns, and the defense bent often but did not break for Riverside (6-0 overall, 3-0 in conference), which was penalized for more than 100 yards.
1275	Bryson was found guilty of raping one woman in Clydebank in 2016 and another in Drumchapel, Glasgow, in 2019 at the High in Glasgow on Tuesday.
1276	BT is the sole tenant for a further 12 years and Allsop say there are RPI-linked rent reviews due in 2025 and 2030 and an opportunity to further drive rental value through refurbishment.
1277	Buckingham Palace and the Archbishop of Canterbury reportedly had a misunderstanding over the swearing of an oath to the King at his coronation.
1278	Buckingham Palace previously said all allegations made against the duke are “categorically untrue”.
1279	Buffalo Sabres (15-18-4, seventh in the Atlantic Division) vs. Ottawa Senators (13-18, eighth in the Atlantic Division) Ottawa, Ontario; Sunday, 6 p.m.
1280	Buffet restaurants are also pretty family friendly, offer value, and have a certain social aspect to it.
1281	Built a network of more than six couples and organized bimonthly gatherings on a total budget of only fifty-six dollars.
1282	Bukovinac, PAAU’s founder, told The Daily Signal that she believes “the feds are desperate to find a reason to shut us down and they’re not above coming to our parents’s homes to try to find what they’re looking for.”
1283	Bulls center Andre Drummond is fouled by Bucks forward Khris Middleton, right, and center Brook Lopez on Thursday, Nov. 30, 2023, at the United Center.
1284	Burke says there's room for growth at New Liverpool.
1285	Burnley manager Sean Dyche reacts on the touchline during the Premier League match at Turf Moor, Burnley.
1286	Business expectations also declined to a nine-month low as sentiment remains relatively poor.
1287	But 58 countries abstained and another 24 voted against the proposal.
1288	But all of this, of course, is subtext to be drawn between the gorgeous visuals, brash jokes, and delightfully quick story.
1289	But all sentiment was put to one side once the whistle sounded with England focussed only on building on their first victory in 62 years against Italy on Italian soil.
1290	But aren’t beavers supposed to help protect against flooding?
1291	But are the days of shirts and suits long gone, with the once frowned upon jeans and trainers becoming workwear staples?
1292	But Argentina’s World Cup winner provided the Hollywood ending as Messi was brought down by Carlos Salcedo for a free-kick just outside the box in the final seconds, in ideal range for his famous left foot.
1293	But a single day spent shadowing the American coach proved Crimm’s skepticism wasn’t cemented when he admitted in an article that was supposed to be a hatchet job: “If the Lasso way is wrong, it’s hard to imagine being right.”
1294	But as record temperatures grip the planet — this summer was the hottest on record, by a significant margin — delivery drivers are clamoring for any relief they can get.
1295	"But as the holiday was approaching, we were told the owner had passed away and the family sold the lodge."
1296	But as we got older, we all saw how my parents struggled and worked so hard to create what they have created.
1297	But at the end of a difficult week for the club and its true blue followers, scored the type of brilliant goal that would have left proud Kenwright beaming from ear-to-ear.
1298	But because a few suppliers control inventory, and Zales has convinced us that diamonds are forever, they have become desirable items with extreme markups (250-1,000 percent).
1299	But because Russian barbarity has shocked the West into action, and because Ukraine’s military successes proved that advanced weaponry would not go to waste, its forces have steadily received more NATO-standard equipment.
1300	But because we have to differentiate, "real names" may be briefly necessary.
1301	But before they can vote, Black Adam recruits Atom Smasher to accompany him to Kahndaq, which is under attack from the Spectre, who's on a mission to rid the planet of magic.
1302	But being a smaller team and an owner, she’s learned how to wear the multiple hats required to keep the team going, successfully, as she gradually builds it up, while also making sure her two little ones stay fed.
1303	But being first means you also make mistakes which later imitators can avoid.
1304	But Blantyre City Council spokesperson Deborah Luka said there has been an improvement in garbage collection services since they now have seven refuse trucks.
1305	But board member Joan Cullen argued that the section was needed to ensure that students could never be punished for declining to play against a member of the opposite sex.
1306	But both stunts are missing from the book.
1307	But Brooks and Williams will never hear the youngster's coos or giggles again as he died last Saturday, three days after he was rushed to hospital with various injuries including a fractured skull and broken ribs.
1308	But conspiracy against rights breaks this rule, Breen said.
1309	But conversations now are only taking place “on a private basis” between individual attorneys and the UHT, the spokesperson says, and “are no longer with NOvA.”
1310	But despite the addictive qualities found in many of the products they sell: fatty meat, salty fries, and sugary soda, its stock price is clearly not as popular with investors as its food is with its customers.
1311	But don't get it twisted, the 77-year-old actress wouldn't change a thing (a self-respecting queen!
1312	But don't let their bright grins fool you.
1313	But don’t say that one is collaborating with this one or conspiring with this one, and so forth and so on, and still go to the same institutions for remedies,” he stated.
1314	But dowsing just works,” she says.
1315	But earlier this year, new plans were submitted to Folkestone and Hythe District Council (FHDC) which aim to breathe new life into the site - not as a railway station, however.
1316	But Egan’s equaliser ensured that they will now have to travel to Sheffield if they are to progress to the fifth round of the competition for the first time since 1997.
1317	“But either way, we can’t allow the refs to even get involved.
1318	But Emalio, 26, argued: “I think it will make a difference in America.
1319	But even though she seemingly appears more confident than ever, it wasn't always the case for the star, who says she was mercilessly tormented at school.
1320	But eventually Amazon got to them, too.
1321	But fans don’t just have to stay behind velvet ropes and gawk at TV history.
1322	But for Mattel, the positive impact of goes far beyond just one film.
1323	But for some it just does not click.”
1324	But for those who are inspired by Todd and Davidson’s commitment to early workouts, there are ways to get into a morning groove.
1325	But Green, who was traded midway through the 2020-21 campaign, nevertheless might be an unrestricted free agent who could sign with Boston this offseason.
1326	“But Hall never felt Murdoch treated these as major issues.
1327	But he also had a career-best 57-yard field goal in the first quarter.
1328	But he has a vision for why it wants to be.
1329	“But he has strong beliefs in freedom of speech.
1330	But he has thrown a career-high 116 innings between Triple-A and the majors this season and said, “Honestly right now, I’m feeling better than ever.”
1331	But he insisted it cannot be done with a 'big government cheque book again'
1332	But, he is a competitor.”
1333	But he pointed to war in Ukraine, persistent inflation and tightening Federal Reserve policy as headwinds, adding that "we remain vigilant and are prepared for whatever happens," according to a JPMorgan press release.
1334	But here’s the thing, fermented foods are quite an acquired taste and, after fermentation occurs, they usually taste quite vinegary.
1335	But here’s what’s nuts about that.
1336	But he’s got a larger story with his best friend, one I predict plays a part here.
1337	But he’s not the only guilty party.
1338	But he was still in uniform.
1339	But he will now be given his first chance at senior management with Pisa, who finished 11th in Serie B this season.
1340	But how did Letitia slim down and come to have her enviable physique?
1341	But hymens, even where they exist (some women are born with little hymeneal tissue or without the tissue at all), vary enormously in their flexibility.
1342	But I also despise the cynicism and corruption of Benjamin Netanyahu’s politics.
1343	But if anyone thinks Threads will be less toxic, they're twits!
1344	But if Donald Trump gets re-elected next year, it will become more difficult for migrants there.
1345	But if even the lawmakers talk, there is no guarantee of progress on an issue that has revealed a gulf in how Democrats and Republicans think the country should be governed.
1346	“But if it’s just because it’s something we’re used to seeing, and you think it correlates with productivity and work output, I would strongly challenge that.”
1347	But if you look at the media this story was leaked to I see dirty Democrat fingerprints everywhere.
1348	"But if you made a genuine mistake, I’ve apologised before.
1349	But I guess we’re just kind of low-key fucking at the moment.
1350	But I have one distinction- I was for it when nobody else was.
1351	But I know that AIs will read it closely, to scrape its data, and when they do, I hope they realize something: they will never stop me from writing.
1352	But I loved to travel to Jamaica.
1353	“But I must emphasize: to mock, belittle or to be unkind in any way possible at the expense of others is: Simply.
1354	But in all these other stories, the suit was an accessory, and Peter's external reasons for snapping were always clear.
1355	But in an interesting turn of events, English-speaking audiences preferred the original German version, marking it as one of the few significant non-English hits of the decade.
1356	But in asserting that “Red Alert” in its wounded state, the artist is also making a statement about survival — that of Israel, and of humanity.
1357	But in business, when credibility matters and time is money, show us how you solved that problem and the lesson or win that resulted, and do so succinctly, so I see you as a resilient expert who respects my time.
1358	But in Fairfield’s school board race, the well-funded Terrell Pollard, who spent the most out of any candidate in the race ($28,202), still narrowly lost to Young, who spent only $8,673.
1359	“But, inherently, I knew that the best way I could give myself the best treatment was to resign.”
1360	But in June 2018 Natalie started therapy and realised she needed to learn to like herself again so she could love the skin she was in.
1361	But in Simon’s latest stand-up show, Screwed Up, he’s showing audiences who he really is, while making us laugh.
1362	But in terms of his country music prowess, he has earned four Grammy awards and 13 CMA awards.
1363	“But in the days after, it was like being stuck in a bad, surreal dream.
1364	But in the past few years, I’ve realized that I can use it to express my Sikh identity,” Japnaam says.
1365	But in wartime, with a village emptied of men, that message of life’s triumph over death is unfulfilled.
1366	But it can also be viewed as an opportunity due to panic selling - which I believe happened in a number of PIMCO's muni CEFs.
1367	But it doesn't stop there, the casino also rewards players for the first deposit and offers a great VIP program.
1368	But it does support that growth rate in out-of-state supports our long-term growth strategy.
1369	But I think there's a problem when we find him in Dead City," Morgan explained.
1370	But I thought the other day was the best he has been.
1371	But it opposed demands for Algerian independence, insisting that colonised people must wait for a workers’ revolution in France before expecting real change.
1372	"But it's all worked out in the end."
1373	"But it's also important that people feel listened to, especially where there has been no public consultation," she said.
1374	But it's mainly capital gains -- asset rotation capital gains.
1375	But it’s not just safety that Victory Liner’s bus rental service offers.
1376	But it’s not just this van that blocks our gateway; there’s usually a line of other parked vehicles outside my other neighbors’ homes and apartments as well.
1377	But it's the manager who goes when it goes wrong.
1378	But it was an experience Seguin said she "wouldn't trade for anything."
1379	But it was usually associated with violence and crime.
1380	But it would likely be a weeks-long wait for a transcript of the trial up to that point, she said.
1381	But I would ask the public to always remember that the overwhelming majority of people who work in this service are here simply to catch criminals, help people and keep your communities safe.
1382	But Jacobs certainly has reason to doubt that some of the nuances of the Election Counting Act of 1887 and the 12th Amendment — two pillars of the U.S. government that set up the January 6 election vote counting process — simply exist.
1383	But Kissinger had to struggle to keep the scandal at bay.
1384	But koi decision nhi hua abhi tak (no decision has been reached so far),” a source close to the wrestlers told IANS.
1385	But later that month, Qin after going missing from public view for weeks, and his predecessor Wang was reinstated.
1386	But looking beyond the current fighting, he said, an eventual peace will require a Palestinian state led by a “revitalized Palestinian Authority.”
1387	But Ma’s ceding of control might also create more uncertainty to its listing timeline.
1388	But more recently you get tourist groups coming through."
1389	But Mr. Dukovic was unfazed.
1390	But Ms Patterson denies any wrongdoing and no charges are expected to be brought against her at this stage of the investigation.
1391	But my 10-yard split is more important for my position.”
1392	But neighbours living around the development have been venting their fury, speaking of their outrage to MailOnline this week.
1393	But nice that it all worked out well for me this week.”
1394	“But nobody heard him screaming for help as he was burning and there was a strong smell of petrol in his cell, something which is impossible for an offender to be in possession of in prison,” the official added.
1395	But no matter how small a place is, there are always people who choose to live there because they love their community.
1396	But now, the very future of the unit, known as SCORPION or Street Crimes Operation to Restore Peace in Our Neighborhoods, is in question as lawyers and community activists call for its wholesale overhaul.
1397	But obviously, putting through an inflationary increase across what is now a workforce of close to 700 people of 7% will add inflation to this year's salary build, which, again, you're seeing part of the effect of that on the margin.
1398	“But once you poke a little bit, it’s like a little bubble in the air: A little touch, and it’s burst.”
1399	But one mum has revealed her son has taken it upon himself to discover if the Big Guy exists by performing an ingenious experiment.
1400	But one side-effect is they can also flood roads and fields.
1401	But opponents dispute this, saying the money goes into government coffers.
1402	But others travel with the fair and go place to place setting up the carnival and running the games.
1403	But overall Cisneros anticipated she would be a great foreign minister, and insisted that both Milei and Mondino, like the majority of Argentines, want the Malvinas returned.
1404	But perhaps a shift in strategy is overdue.
1405	But perhaps Bray’s favorite new number is sung by Bailey — as the younger version of Nettie, Celie’s beloved sister — and Mpasi.
1406	But police are now investigating more than 1000 alleged instances of fraud as part of their huge probe.
1407	But posited a world in which the hero didn’t land in Smallville, but rather behind the Iron Curtain during the Cold War.
1408	But prayerfully consider giving to support the cause of Christ at Louisiana Christian University.
1409	“But previously, especially in the semi-government sector and in corporations, we have experienced cases where the PAYE tax is paid by the relevant intuition itself under certain service agreements”.
1410	But rather than hide her away, they’ve been trotting her out from time to time, exposing the American people to her, as if to acclimate us to her, even inoculate us from her.
1411	But really, that’s true every week.
1412	But right now, this summer has really been unprecedented.
1413	But sadly her citizens kept denying themselves that right and opportunity through their political actions and decisions.
1414	But she also hoped the conference would highlight the experiences of young people and children in their own right, and what they needed to heal.
1415	But she still ended up with a £125 bill.
1416	“But she’s very heavy,” Michael says.
1417	But shunning Atlanta for the convention could ultimately serve as a double blow to Georgia, which may also eventually lose its early place in a new Democratic primary calendar.
1418	But sometimes you just get a chance to take a layup.
1419	But such laws remain on the books in five other countries in the Americas: Jamaica, Guyana, Grenada, Dominica, and St Vincent and the Grenadines.
1420	“But teacher education programs never think about the disposition of a teacher and whether or not teachers care about kids.”
1421	But teens and adults can also earn prizes when they log their reading, according to a BCLS press release announcing the program.
1422	But thankfully for Klopp and co, they went in at half-time just 1-0 down.
1423	But that conflict has also led to seismic shifts, with BioWare dragging it in unexpected directions.
1424	But that does result in a raise for this year.
1425	But that object is 6,000 miles north to south and 4,000 miles east to west.
1426	“But that turned from good to very bad with lies, deception, manipulation and psychological abuse.
1427	But that was wrong of him to goad Alex into an unnecessarily large wager on a Daily Double that was basically a sports clue,” wrote one viewer on Reddit, according to The Sun.
1428	But the animals are also a way to make a living for some communities that live around Napoles.
1429	But the big attraction is a parade float, designed by Alecia Walton, on a flatbed and towed by a truck.
1430	But the casual look is just as competitive.
1431	But the charter school’s program is intended to be more inclusive and is open to all students when they begin their junior year.
1432	But the demands of the daily news cycle and the day-to-day needs of the newsroom always pushed the idea to the back burner.
1433	But the fighter was clear-eyed about the prospect even as a youngster, claiming in a later interview that he thought he could serve the time 'easy'.
1434	But the hosts still took the lead, in the first minute of the second half.
1435	But the more people, the more opinions,” said Khomenko at the beginning of the video, echoing the Russian authorities’ favourite line that “things are not so simple” with the invasion of Ukraine.
1436	But the most likely scenario will need some more capital.
1437	But then the next quarter, they spend more.
1438	But the official cautions that charging decisions have not been made yet.
1439	But the only thing he wants is more weapons to prolong the fighting and misery of both west and east Ukrainians.
1440	But the plane was in fact a ready to fly model BAE Hawk in Red Arrow colours with a span just over 1 metre (40 inches) and weighing around 3 kilos (6.6 lbs).
1441	But the question of serving lobster, and what that means for the vanishing population of right whales, hasn’t even come up.
1442	But there can be a happy flipside.
1443	But there has been an uptick of police having to shut down the road and help drivers back up to Outlook Street, where they can safely turn around to get back to Freeport Road, Turack said.
1444	But there is a great need for it.
1445	But there is good optics for comic relief.
1446	But there’s also a depth of feeling that you don’t usually find in this sodden genre, along with some terrific deadpan humor.
1447	But there was always an American option on the table.
1448	But there will also be a touch of sadness, as we remember all of the courageous individuals who shared their stories during the campaign,” Hackett said.
1449	But the school is not totally devoid of football history, even as short as the sport’s tenure may be there.
1450	But the situation at the front unfolded rapidly and unexpectedly for Moscow, and it became obvious that things would not work out with Yanukovych either.
1451	But the Sox left the bases loaded in each of the first two innings, then fell behind when lefty Tanner Banks allowed four runs in the A’s second.
1452	But the standup’s bit offended other delicate audience members.
1453	But the states see things differently.
1454	But the UN's Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights disagrees.
1455	But the virus is spreading unchecked among its 1.4 billion people and worries over the scale and impact of its outbreak have prompted Japan, South Korea, the United States and other countries to require negative COVID-19 tests from travellers from China.
1456	But the will and the desire to win was there and we had some great goaltending so it was a big win.”
1457	“But they are still there because they are still standing empty.
1458	But they are two distinct and separate occurrences.
1459	But they still have Donovan Mitchell, Darius Garland and a powerful defense.
1460	But this happens on the internet.
1461	But this is far from the only twist in a bizarre and sprawling tale of unexplained deaths, hitman plots and multi-million-dollar fraud schemes.
1462	But this is not Pep Guardiola simply appropriating a formation from almost a century ago.
1463	But this is what whistleblowers are supposed to do.
1464	But this sunset announcement is another reason marketers need to familiarize themselves with the tools and features available in GA4, since Google is committed to moving A/B testing there.
1465	But those who want to look and feel glam on the daily should definitely give it a try.
1466	But three or four years down the line we are back to where we were.
1467	“But to find a full chemical toilet is pretty disappointing.
1468	But to the Wawa-heads of the world, it’s a downright travesty.
1469	But until our offense does something, it's tough.
1470	But we are not out of the woods yet and there will be financial pressures and challenges on the horizon no doubt which we will need to tackle along the way.
1471	But we now know it did not.
1472	"But we’re holding up our side of the deal with work commenced, despite a reduced budget and record levels on inflation."
1473	But what about bank accounts?
1474	But what does imposter syndrome feel like?
1475	But what passes for humor these days is really lacking.
1476	But when it comes to culture … it’s gotta be shit.
1477	But, while all this melodrama unspools, there is also the creeping hazard of impeachment ahead.
1478	But while in the camp, Tony will be dealing with his own personal grief as his "wonderful" nan Rose died last week just 24 hours after he signed his I'm A Celebrity contract.
1479	“But…why not give them a try?”
1480	But Woolstenhulme said early football games and back to school events will give the district ample opportunity to spread the word.
1481	But… would it be worthwhile?
1482	But yeah, super excited to see those other amazing artists draw those characters, and just know that it's real and that we're adding something new and exciting to the DC universe is just super, super exciting," Burnham said.
1483	But yes, you can hardly predict that.
1484	Buxton Civic Association trustee Lindsey Wakefield has been leading the survey effort.
1485	Buy the wrong type and your gas appliances won’t work.
1486	BWB's past output has included two force protection vessels provided to the Estonian Navy and vessels for the Police and Border Guard Board.
1487	By 2010, Lee had filed for his second divorce and returned to London, penniless and homeless.
1488	By 2017, 15 other state medical boards had followed Washington in citing McGuckin for the MS treatments.
1489	By 2026-27, the policy would generate £250m a year for Wales.
1490	By A Correspondent- Four Nigerian men illegally boarded a cargo ship hoping to reach Europe, but were shocked to learn they had landed on the other side of the Atlantic, in Brazil.
1491	By choosing radio, you align your brand with this trusted source, elevating its credibility among consumers.
1492	By contrast; Russia has less than 10 military bases established across the globe – yet Russia is The Aggressor.
1493	By doing so, we entered 2023 with reduced leverage and strong liquidity, which is now allowing us to play offense once again.
1494	By-elections to fill the seats will be held on 9 December.
1495	By embracing these principles, investors can position themselves for success in the dynamic world of cryptocurrencies.
1496	By July 1, the new carts will be the only acceptable container permitted for recycling collection at single-family homes in the county.
1497	By making informed choices and selecting reputable programmes and institutes, aspirants can embark on a rewarding journey.
1498	By October 2008, he had become a regular fixture in the Scarlets side, scoring a number of tries, until his 2012 move to Bath Rugby.
1499	By offering a channel for safe and anonymous whistle blowing, employees will feel empowered to speak up against wrongdoing.
1500	By strengthening strategic alignment and coordination, China and Brazil will jointly promote the historical process of developing countries' pursuit of modernization on their respective paths.
1501	By the end of two months, she loved it.
1502	By the Friends finale, Chandler is married to Cox’s Monica and they have a family, reflecting the journey of the core cast from single New Yorkers trying to figure their lives out to several of them married and starting families.
1503	By the way, Atiku Abubakar, presidential candidate of PDP and a veteran of the game, was second to Asiwaju Tinubu, while Obi came third, an achievement the Obidients should ideally celebrate as a victory for our democracy.
1504	BYU basketball knows which teams it will be playing at home and on the road for its inaugural season in the Big 12 Conference.
1505	By using lidar technology, the research team was able to obtain more accurate data and images of certain areas, which helped them discover archaeological sites beneath the vegetation.
1506	Cade spoke of Rosalynn's accomplishments, and her passion to give voice to those less powerful — while getting those with power to listen.
1507	Caitlin Logan hit a grand slam and Meghan McDonough had three hits, including a double, for North Allegheny (8-3, 5-2).
1508	California policymakers must take a more direct approach to increase Black student success, like increasing teacher and administrator diversity.
1509	California State Teachers Retirement System’s holdings in Elastic were worth $5,855,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
1510	Caltrans has held two public meetings about the project so far.
1511	Calvin was a spiritual man who devoted his life to the betterment of Indigenous peoples, she said, helping hundreds of Indigenous men begin or reconnect to their spiritual journeys through his role as an elder at the Headingley Correctional Centre.
1512	Cameron Sutton is an option to return but might have priced himself out,” Fowler writes regarding the Steelers’ outlook.
1513	Camilla wowed in a floor length white gown which she paired with a pale chic blue headpiece.
1514	Camp Sara has become like any other part of Baghdad, its distinctiveness another victim of that bloody time.
1515	Canadian Professor Trudo Lemmens said he had been a supporter of initial legislation but it has become a “form of harm reduction”.
1516	Canadians deserve transparency, representation, high quality service, and a flourishing economy.
1517	Canadian Warplane Heritage Museum in Mount Hope: Closed.
1518	Canberra Glassworks have engaged the assistance of an energy expert, who has advised biogas could be the next logical step.
1519	Candidate Monteiro has made police reform one of the key points of his campaign.
1520	CANICE Carroll’s header eight minutes into stoppage time ensured City earned a replay and a place in the draw for the first round of the Emirates FA Cup.
1521	Cannabidiol, also known as CBD oil, derived from the hemp plant, has no psychoactive properties but has been the focus of several studies for its potential health benefits.
1522	Cantor Fitzgerald reaffirmed an “overweight” rating on shares of Johnson & Johnson in a research report on Monday, December 18th.
1523	Can't put my finger on it quite.
1524	“Can’t we all agree that we should ban late term abortions?
1525	Can you cite that CA law?
1526	Capital investments in Mississippi over the last 16 years largely represent the automotive industry, including Nissan, which will invest $500 million to transform the Canton assembly plant to build all-new EV models starting in 2025.
1527	Captain Chase Eberle of Chasin Tides Charters was on the ocean again today and he had another good day with the tautog.
1528	“Captured civilians must be released immediately and unconditionally.”
1529	Cardano (ADA) also added approximately 50,000 new wallets in the month of January, with high levels of whale activity.
1530	Cardano has fallen from near $3 to below 30 cents currently.
1531	Cardano’s (ADA) decentralized finance (DeFi) ecosystem is evolving rapidly on the back of recent developments, according to the Ethereum (ETH) rival’s developers.
1532	Cardiff Crown Court heard how this other man – who has since gone on the run – lived in the same block of flats as the victim in Southend-on-Sea.
1533	Care and Treatment Plans (CTPs) were also individualised, person-centred and "reflected the needs and risks of the patients in the hospital".
1534	Caring for the environment and supporting the energy industry are not mutually exclusive concepts, no matter what the political left wants to believe.
1535	Car keys were a thing of the past—she operated her car using only her mind; she used her BCI to unlock the doors, start the engine, answer phone calls over the speaker, even parallel park.
1536	Carlos Barrientos and Cody Warchuck each had three goals for the Sharks.
1537	Carlton and the woman were taken to the department for questioning while the child was turned over to the Office of Children’s Services (OCS).
1538	Carmel’s Madison Konen, left, and Anna Hartman celebrate a goal during a game against Grayslake Central in Grayslake on Wednesday, March 15, 2023.
1539	Carnivore sightings are collected through an array of cameras across the region.
1540	Carolyn S. Mullins has served on the local United Way’s board of directors for more than a decade, having been recruited by the first Black woman to serve as its chair, Loretta Walker.
1541	Carter, who has had a successful career driving businesses forward, is a lifelong Charlton fan and an investor in GFP.
1542	Cartwheel escaped when Takeshita did the same.
1543	Casablanca ultimately struggled with financial strains.
1544	Casa Bonita began offering dinner service in late June and has been slowly increasing the number of people who it allows to dine there.
1545	“(Casemiro and Martinez) are not available before Christmas, so that will be mid-January we expect them back.
1546	Casey, McIntyre and junior Delia Fontana join Robbins and Wienckoswki in the midfield and freshmen Natasha Godfrey and Caroline Matusovich could step right in and became major contributors on offense.
1547	Cashback websites PAY you to shop.
1548	Cash is still king in Thailand.
1549	Cassidy and other lawmakers, including Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin of West Virginia, have also introduced a resolution to overturn the rule.
1550	Catering boss Jamie O'Leary, 42, said: 'I don't believe their figures - most journeys will be a lot longer'
1551	Caterpillars escaped from the entomologist's home in Medford, Massachusetts, and spread throughout northeastern America.
1552	Cavaliers guard Donovan Mitchell (45) goes up for a shot between the Bulls' Javonte Green and Alex Caruso in the third quarter Saturday at the United Center.
1553	CBSE has announced that for students participating in national or international sports events and international Olympiads who might not be able to take the CBSE Class 10 and Class 12 exams, the board will conduct special exams at a later date.
1554	CCTV footage of the incident was played to the court, and showed the defendant stood in the queue wearing a black hat and dark clothing with a blue backpack.
1555	CCTV footage shows the horrifying moment when Froilanis was hit by a massive electric flash and instantly fell to the ground.
1556	Cee-C and Doyin's friendship seems to be waxing strong with them looking out for each other even when the other person is not there.
1557	Cellucci was given real duties by Weld, which served him well when it was time to run for governor.
1558	Celtic’s win at Tynecastle Park on Saturday eliminated the Edinburgh club from this season’s cup at the quarter-final stage.
1559	Center did in fact enter office with the Conservative People's Party of Estonia (EKRE) and with Isamaa, in April 2019.
1560	Ceo Bauer Jr., known as “J.
1561	CEQP expanded its footprint in the Delaware Basin by acquiring Sendero Midstream Partners for and buying out First Reserve's 50% interest in the Crestwood Permian Basin Holdings joint venture for $320 million in units.
1562	Cercano Management LLC’s holdings in Apple were worth $2,709,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
1563	Certainly, everyone prefers products that are manufactured in an eco-friendly manner and wants a better, cleaner and healthier environment.
1564	Certainly, Martin making this list is no surprise.
1565	Cervantes confirmed Essayli’s race for the 63rd inspired her bill, but did not answer a question about whether she requested the number 63.
1566	CFS Investment Advisory Services LLC grew its stake in Apple by 18,263.5% in the 1st quarter.
1567	Cha Cha is such a technical dance.
1568	Chad Jenkins will be filling the role, following Susan Amstrong’s departure in March.
1569	Chahayed has this message for Castro: "What good news.
1570	Chairperson for Studley Operatic Society, Lorraine Hill said: “I am so proud of what our cast pulled together, and I hope it goes a long way to supporting local young people in need.
1571	Challenging, but not impossible.
1572	Chalmers has also committed Treasury to complete an employment white paper by September.
1573	Chan-a-Sue serves as Coach/Manager are charged with preparation and coordination of the teams heading into the qualifiers, while Referee Alwyn Calendar will also be accompanying the team to Colombia assisting with fair play.
1574	Chances are, you’re probably a bit of a liar, like almost everyone else on this planet who uses “LOL” (or “lol”) on a regular basis.
1575	Changes to policies on tattoos, past drug use and physical fitness are one thing, Wexler said, but standards such as character, integrity, work ethic and a college background should remain intact.
1576	Charging networks preferred to avoid the fees and complexity of Visa or Mastercard.
1577	Chariman Shoji Saotome and President Shohei Nozawa of Yamaichi Securities apologize during a press conference at the Tokyo Stock Exchange on November 24, 1997.
1578	Charity founder and melanoma survivor Jay Allen (right) was on site with volunteers Kylie Manson (left) and Georga Smethurst.
1579	Charlie was taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Woolwich, where he died just over an hour after the attack.
1580	Charlotte ‘Betty’ Webb joined the Auxiliary Territorial Service at the age of 18 and was stationed at Bletchley Park, the famous codebreaking arm of the British intelligence services.
1581	Charlton made his debut for United in 1956 and went on to play 758 matches, scoring 249 goals.
1582	Chartwell has a substantial portion of debt due to renewal in 2023 and 2024.
1583	Chastain went to film “Memory” shortly after winning the Academy Award for “The Eyes of Tammy Faye.”
1584	ChatGPT is the low-hanging fruit of AI models.
1585	Check it out Dig into it!
1586	Checkoff contributions qualify USW to apply for matching funds through programs like the Market Access Program (MAP) and the Foreign Market Development (FMD) program.
1587	Check out our Street Fighter 6 review.
1588	Check out these tricks.
1589	Check out what the players had to say in the video above from the “Ultimate Bruins Show,” presented by Bud Light.
1590	Cheers, and have a profitable summer!
1591	Chefs across the country are showing more skin: in everyday chicken skin salads and cow skin stews, as well as fancy turns of, say, salmon skin chicharrón at Mírame in Los Angeles.
1592	Chelsea are keen to move the 22-year-old on permanently, and neighbours Fulham could prove to be the best option for all parties.
1593	Chelsea Hackett was replaced by Maira Mazar and moved to the second fight on the card.
1594	Chelsea have placed Bruno Saltor in temporary charge for the time being while they search for Potter’s successor, with his first game in the dugout taking place on Tuesday night at home against Liverpool.
1595	Chelsea look set to not play any part in a European competition next year, limiting the opportunities for Mount to play even further.
1596	Cherished friend to many.
1597	Chessy Prout went public with her name to ‘take back the Internet’
1598	Chesterfield host Premier League Sheffield United in a pre-season friendly today (3pm).
1599	Chewbacca made an appearance in the Canada Day Parade.
1600	Chicago Cubs at Los Angeles Dodgers — Marquee Sports Network/Spectrum SportsNet LA, 10 p.m.
1601	Chicago will conduct its point-in-time count of people experiencing homelessness Thursday night.
1602	Chicken Soup for the Soul reported earnings per share of -$1.86.
1603	Chief Executive of Shelter, Polly Neate, said: “With private rents and living costs continuing to soar, we are bracing ourselves for a sharp rise in homelessness in 2023.
1604	Chief financial officer Ed Formstone said: “We recently invested in BEAR to support them and their ambitious growth plans.
1605	Chief Operating Officer Owen Papworth said they’ve brought experience from growing in Oregon and built a Ferrari-quality facility to produce high-end cannabis.
1606	Children in Northern Ireland continue to be affected by paramilitarism.
1607	Children were forced to go to boarding school, stripping their mothers of their roles as educators in the family.
1608	Child survivors had to witness the brutal murders and armed men then pillaged and burned most of the town, forcing thousands of residents to flee across the border to Chad.
1609	Chilling details have emerged of how a much-loved retiree was allegedly 'mutilated' after being stabbed to death.
1610	China also wants to see a more stable security landscape in Afghanistan before it begins investment projects in the country.
1611	“China and Russia are friendly neighbors and reliable partners connected by shared mountains and rivers,” Xi Jinping stressed.
1612	China would "uphold an objective and fair position and play a constructive role in solving the crisis through political means", it said.
1613	Chips are the lifeblood of the modern global economy, powering everything from cars to smartphones, and they are forecast to become a $1 trillion industry globally by 2030.
1614	Chop chop — this deal is only available through May 14.
1615	Chopra said he hadn’t gone all out in qualifying but was focussed on getting his technique right.
1616	Chris Collette and Alyssa Ellman from season 14 are a perfect example.
1617	Chrishell is my best friend and my person.
1618	Christian Nationalists claim that our country was founded as a Christian nation, but the record says something quite different.
1619	Christine McGuinness has said "Pray for me" as she realised she was "going to Hell."
1620	Christmas brings wonderment, and a sense of a future yet unfolded.
1621	Christopher Michael Carson, 46 of Rome, was arrested this week after reports said he spat on a 38 year-old woman.
1622	Ciara has been slaying Paris Fashion Week and she just got there.
1623	Cincinnati did however find a way to resign Germaine Pratt, which is huge for the depth at the linebacker position.
1624	Cipher Skin even has so-called customer success advocates, trained to help people get the most from their product.
1625	CI project success also counts toward Brazil’s climate goals under the Paris Agreement, which includes a top-line pledge to greatly reduce deforestation and jump-start reforestation, with the nation becoming carbon neutral by 2060.
1626	Citigroup boosted their target price on Nucor from $160.00 to $180.00 and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 27th.
1627	Citigroup decreased their target price on United Parcel Service from $200.00 to $180.00 and set a “buy” rating for the company in a report on Tuesday, September 12th.
1628	Citigroup upgraded shares of Chubb from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $229.00 target price for the company in a research report on Tuesday, April 18th.
1629	Citigroup upped their target price on Burlington Stores from $180.00 to $219.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, November 23rd.
1630	Citing an example, he said that there were some vacancies in the Judiciary recently and even non-Khasis and non-Garos were allowed to sit for the examination which means that the Judiciary has already gone ahead with the roster system.
1631	Citizen Lab said that after being placed on the user’s phone or personal computer, the QuaDream spyware can record calls and external sounds, take pictures from cameras, and search in device files without the user’s knowledge.
1632	City Hall took on eight feet of water, news outlets reported.
1633	City officials allege that during disbursement of the CARES Act funds, Joyner and others either ignored the inquires or provided false and/or inadequate responses to city officials.
1634	City Walk has been left clear for people to sit and relax and you’ll find the food stalls clustered in separate hubs.
1635	CJS has almost five stars on TrustPilot, has no hidden fees and PayPal is accepted.
1636	Claiming the title of the oldest record store in the PNW, the long-running shop clearly knows what they're doing.
1637	Claudell Harris Jr. added 18 points and five assists.
1638	Clearstead Advisors LLC’s holdings in Paychex were worth $495,000 at the end of the most recent quarter.
1639	Click through to find out who is returning for Will Trent Season 2….
1640	Climate change, wildfires and water storage are at the top of Rep. Scott Peters’ agenda for 2023.
1641	Cllr Joan Atkins, chairman of the Neighbourhood Plan Steering Group, in the foreword to the plan, said: “On the surface Teignmouth is a picturesque seaside town in South Devon, but underneath that first impression, it is far more than that.
1642	Clocking in under ten pages, “The Reaper’s Image” gives us a taste of this brutal backstory and the mirror’s many victims before delivering one hell of a stinger ending.
1643	Closer examination reveals a squad of four characters walking toward what appears to be a Geth lying partially buried on the ground.
1644	Closing Cass Street helps to give us more places to go and fewer ways to get there.
1645	Cloud 5 Running Shoes — I use them daily for the gym, walks, and chasing after my cat.
1646	CNN could not independently verify this incident.
1647	Coach Bunn and his troops will open Division III district play on Wednesday, October 25 on the turf of Zane Trace High School, where they will face the South Point Pointers with a trip to the district title game on the line.
1648	Coady, on the other hand, joked about Sadowski-Synnott being born in Australia before acknowledging the competition overall.
1649	Coastal Investment Advisors Inc. now owns 340 shares of the company’s stock worth $836,000 after acquiring an additional 4 shares during the last quarter.
1650	Coca-Cola is one of the world’s most widely recognised brands.
1651	Coercion, I believe this coronavirus crisis as UN is coming to accept is a act of hostile intent.
1652	Coffs Harbour local Rosie Smart has taken out an Australian open women’s surfing title.
1653	Cohen said, “This is the type of public-private partnership that makes sure everyone has access to the best possible services.”
1654	Colby Covington said his support of former President Donald Trump is what swayed judges to award Leon Edwards the decision in the pair’s UFC 296 welterweight title fight last weekend.
1655	Cold winter weather, he added, means that people trapped under rubble have less chance at survival.
1656	Cole Payton and the offense took over as they scored on the next play as Payton found a wide-open Joe Stoffel who outran the secondary into the endzone to put NDSU up by 35.
1657	Colin J. Wright Funeral Directors in the village’s claimed the title of Best Funeral Director in at the annual awards ceremony last month.
1658	Collins first appeared as the in 2008 and made his last appearance as the character in the show's fifteenth and final season.
1659	Collins said Google Bard tended to avoid providing medical, legal or financial advice because it could lead to incorrect information.
1660	Colorado Buffaloes' Kindyll Wetta drives against the Stanford Cardinal's Hannah Jump in Boulder on Feb. 23, 2023.
1661	ColossalChat, on the other hand, is wide open and ready to use for free.
1662	Colton and Casey Mason will sign copies of their book, "I Just Want to Snuggle" from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday at the Aiken County Animal Shelter, 333 Wire Road.
1663	Coman said he ‘should have called’ the authorities, and that if he had then the stabbing of Mr Laboshin would never have happened.
1664	Combined with a compelling design, the Answer had the makings of a great Spider-Man villain.
1665	"Come along and join us with the children.
1666	Come and celebrate the incredible creativity of talented K – 12 students as they showcase their unique works of art.
1667	’ comedic roots were present in the prequels as well, with new characters like Jar Jar Binks created almost solely for comedy relief.
1668	Come on America there are much better leaders in both parties out there.
1669	Come on, though: I know people who are fundamentally conservative, but who voted for Biden because they could not stand Trump.
1670	Come to think of it, the EU lacks the locus standi to seek to impose on African countries aberrations that are alien to the lifestyle of the African people.
1671	Commentary: An open letter to Cori Schumacher & Co.
1672	Commenting on it, an Instagram user wrote, “For a second I felt kya artist hai mehendi wala then I realised it’s a video.”
1673	Commenting on the findings, Ian Cowley, managing director of CartridgeSave.
1674	Comments by the Japanese prime minister, Fumio Kishida, on Sunday during his second summit in less than two months with the South Korean president, Yoon Suk Yeol, are being closely watched in Seoul.
1675	Commissioner Deborah Cochran pointed out Thursday night that some of those youths at Franklin might even grow up to become elected officials in Mount Airy.
1676	Commissioner Ronnie Maez noted that, based on his past experiences with CBOE hearings, detailed information about the property can lead the CBOE to make adjustments.
1677	Committal will follow at the Southwest Virginia Veterans Cemetery with military honors being presented by the Army National Honor Guard and the Pulaski VFW Post 1184.
1678	Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS lifted its stake in shares of Take-Two Interactive Software by 6.7% in the 1st quarter.
1679	Commonwealth of Pennsylvania Public School Empls Retrmt SYS’s holdings in UGI were worth $3,492,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.
1680	Companies in health care, hospitality, construction and other fields are increasingly turning to franchised, freelance or subcontracted staff — spurring controversies about how those workers are treated.
1681	Companies in the north have the option of contacting economic development agency Highlands and Islands Enterprise (HIE) for help with AI.
1682	Compared to 2021, the annual average joblessness fell from 32.5 among women and 21.0 percent among men,” SWS said.
1683	Compared to other heists, the structure of these three high-profit missions is not overly different.
1684	Compare that with companies that rank low on internal mobility rankings - their employees stick around for fewer than three years on average, Cohen said.
1685	Compass Wealth Management LLC purchased a new stake in Genuine Parts during the 4th quarter valued at about $35,000.
1686	Competitors are “prohibited the possibility of making political or similar statements as part of the contest”, the EBU said following Zelensky’s request, adding that they believed he had “laudable intentions” in wanting to speak.
1687	Completion of phase one is expected by the end of this year, when gas production should start, the companies said.
1688	Concerns over an increased amount of sewage in the area, given the site's proximity to the Northumbrian Water Broken Scar treatment works, were also raised.
1689	Conclusion: Where Can You Buy Delta 8 Flower Online?
1690	Confidence among U.K. consumers improved for the fourth month in a row in May amid signs of easing inflation, despite the squeeze on spending prompted by climbing interest rates.
1691	Congrats to him, he’s doing so well and he deserves to be called in the England team.
1692	“Congratulations to all involved.
1693	Congratulations to Mrs. Reiter and thank you for the work you do for your students.
1694	Congress needs to step up and pass a…pathway to citizenship for folks who are coming to this country.
1695	Congresswoman Sara Jacobs (D-San Diego) says, “Safely cleaning up and reinvesting in properties with potentially hazardous materials strengthens our local tax base, promotes job growth, and protects public health and the environment.
1696	Connect with PFLAG Fairmont on Facebook for more details!
1697	Consequently, countries began to impose travel restrictions against those coming from China.
1698	Consequently, VP Jagdeo was questioned at his weekly press conference on Thursday about the review process of bids submitted during the auction.
1699	Conservative London mayoral candidate Susan Hall “seems convinced of the innate criminality of Black people”, a group of Labour MPs has alleged in a letter.
1700	Conservatives are fighting for the carbon tax to be axed.
1701	Considering the actor's talent, however, it's likely only a matter of time.
1702	Consider introducing mentorship and internship programs for underrepresented writers.
1703	Consider the division of women into two broad, dehumanised stereotypes in those pages: either trophies — the willing, naked blonde — or nags — the whining, frumpy girlfriend who doesn’t want her bloke having fun.
1704	Consolidated Edison () last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 3rd.
1705	Consultations are available for mental health issues, including anxiety and depression, job burnout stress, sleep problems, crucial life events, and so on.
1706	Contains SPOILERS for Sleeping Dog.
1707	Continue cooking another 10 minutes to blend flavours.
1708	Continuing to defy that ending with original content would add wider variety to their filmography, but for that to work, they need new stories, not old ones.
1709	Contrary to their claims, the police on Saturday arrested K. Velusamy, 60, of Mugasimangalam in Alandurai village, after he was found to have been in possession of three country-made bombs.
1710	Contributing to the Delinquency of a Minor – On August 30 at 10:36 p.m., officers responded to the Somerset Pointe Apartments located in the 14700 block of Deming Drive in Gainesville (20155) to investigate a child neglect.
1711	Converting the disused building would make the area more visually appealing as well as add to the vitality of the village and provide local charities with a new base, it says.
1712	Cookstown Ulster Unionist Party Councillor Trevor Wilson has called on the Department For Infrastructure (DfI) to reverse its community funding decision.
1713	Cool completely before serving.
1714	Copeland Capital Management LLC raised its stake in Brunswick by 15.9% during the 4th quarter.
1715	COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — A Swedish court on Wednesday found a 35-year-old woman guilty of war crimes for posting photos…
1716	Copy.ai has a limited free version.
1717	CORNWALL – An object will be among the inductees into this year’s Cornwall and Area Arts Hall of Fame.
1718	Costco shoppers will be familiar with the Kirkland name since it graces the warehouse club’s store brand.
1719	Costumes are optional and prizes will be awarded for the best costume.
1720	Could it be two separate incidents that happen at the end of the film, or is it one defining moment that mentally blocked his will to move forward?
1721	“Couldn’t get anything done,” manager Pedro Grifol said.
1722	Could this be the end for Wilko?
1723	Coulibaly, who spent three years at Auburn, went over the 1,000-point mark for her NCAA career, ending the game with 1,012.
1724	Councillor Andrew Sherris, who represents Yarm, said: “I’m particularly anxious about the risk of flooding to people’s houses.
1725	COUNCILLORS are considering how to help shut off County Lines drug dealers using Flintshire’s ‘jewel in the crown’ coastal path while keeping it accessible for all.
1726	Counsel for the company, Barry Smith, said Kettle Produce "very sincerely regret this accident occurred".
1727	“Counteract the Fat” is perfect for healthy adults with no history of debilitating illnesses who would like to maintain their health without sacrificing their favorite indulgences.
1728	Countries including Canada, the Netherlands and Sweden have already announced armoured vehicles and air defences.
1729	Countries interested in hosting the 2034 World Cup have been given a deadline of October 31, with a signed bidding agreement due by November 30.
1730	Coupled with the gut-wrenching feeling, the saddest anime deaths are powerful reminders of life's fragility and the complexities of human emotions.
1731	COVENTRY, England (AP) — Welsh soccer club Wrexham thrilled its Hollywood owners by causing a big shock in the FA Cup on Saturday.
1732	Coventry then hired an assistant building official from Manchester as its building official, only to lose him to Groton.
1733	Covers of the National Geographic Magazine, from its first edition in 1888, to 2023.
1734	Covestor Ltd acquired a new stake in TETRA Technologies in the first quarter valued at $31,000.
1735	Cowen dropped their price target on shares of Apple from $200.00 to $195.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research report on Friday, February 3rd.
1736	Cowen lifted their price target on shares of Cisco Systems from $61.00 to $64.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Thursday, February 16th.
1737	Craig McGurk, 41, manipulated the teenager, who he was more than 25 years older than, Teesside Crown Court heard.
1738	Crawford noted that early childhood education programs are the “springboard” for success.
1739	Creating a mindset of kindness and positivity doesn’t have to be complicated.
1740	Creators maintained an exceptional balance between the hyperbolic nature of comedy in Japanese anime and the drier, sarcastic style prevalent in traditional (typically American) sitcoms.
1741	Credit Suisse Group lowered their target price on Amgen from $240.00 to $220.00 and set an “underperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Wednesday, February 1st.
1742	Crepey eyelids and puffiness, be gone!
1743	Crews were now using heavy equipment to methodically and carefully pull debris from the site, Holben said.
1744	"Crime is among the top, if not the top issue confronting the protection of a standing forest in the Amazon," he said.
1745	Crime Stoppers Victoria invited students from Scoresby Secondary College and St Albans Secondary College to take part in consultations across an eight-week period.
1746	Critics also hailed as a comeback for Reeves, whose character perfectly aligned with his acting abilities.
1747	Crossing himself, he requests three minutes of silence for the Jewish dead, but the rabbi present instead says the Kaddish.
1748	Crowds were entertained by the Broke FMX Motocross Stunt Team, as well as a crowd pleasing display form the Pony club Games.
1749	Crowther said the 800-person hall is the only one of its size in town besides Angel of the Winds Arena, and he believes it’ll draw bigger acts than ever before to Everett with the added bonus of a more intimate, exclusive-feeling space.
1750	Cruise has since remained consistent in his defense of the director, telling that Kubrick had "made 13 perfect visions," and that he was "just proud to have been part of it."
1751	Crumbley addressed the judge briefly, taking responsibility for his actions and promising to work on becoming a better person, regardless of his sentence.
1752	Crumly & Associates Inc. lifted its holdings in JPMorgan Chase & Co.) by 13.9% in the first quarter, according to the company in its most recent disclosure with the SEC.
1753	Crypto-focused companies including Bullish Global, Circle Internet Financial and eToro Group Ltd. have failed to secure the SEC approvals that are required of companies going…
1754	Cubbington Mill, which provides nursing care, residential care and respite, is run by Barchester Healthcare, one of the UK’s largest care providers.
1755	Cubist Systematic Strategies LLC boosted its stake in shares of Itaú Unibanco by 3.3% in the third quarter.
1756	Cuentas intends to fold World Health Energy into its Mobile Platform after the deal closes.
1757	Cumbria’s police and crime commissioner (PCC) has opened the council tax precept consultation, asking for public feedback on the budget proposal for the fire service.
1758	Curcumin (the active chemical in turmeric) offers powerful anti-inflammatory and antioxidant action, stimulation, protection and natural rejuvenation.
1759	Currently, there are only a few trained special education teachers in the country, making it challenging to provide the necessary support to SEN children.
1760	Currently, three seasons deep, this show is never dull and is always an enlighteningly hilarious experience.
1761	Customers often ask to split a large bill unequally and create more work for the hospitality staff.
1762	Customers, the people businesses are most likely to take heed of, are saying this too.
1763	Cyberpunk 2077's Phantom Liberty DLC introduces a new branch of Relic skills in the Perk tree, mainly focused on enhancing Cyberware.
1764	Cynthia also revealed her struggles with fatigue, jaw pain, and scoliosis.
1765	DACA recipients in Wisconsin can become state troopers, game wardens, corrections officers and serve in the Wisconsin National Guard explicitly bars them from serving as police officers or sheriff’s deputies for cities, villages, towns and counties.
1766	D.?” a fellow teacher asked years later.
1767	Daizen Maeda was also ruled to be marginally offside in the build-up to Oh’s ruled out strike before David Turnbull’s eventual opener for the Hoops.
1768	“Dallin was really special.
1769	Damaged trade with 44 per cent of businesses in Scotland naming Brexit as the main cause of difficulties trading overseas.
1770	Dami and Ify Odugbemi are great admirers of their mothers.
1771	Damian's new white Batman suit creates a fitting ending for the former Robin in the - or any - universe.
1772	Dan Cayan, a climate researcher at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, said at the very least, the evolving El Niño bears watching.
1773	Dancers parade down Lincoln St. at Civic Center Park during the Cinco de Mayo celebration in Denver.
1774	Dancing on Ice winners: Who won in 2022 and over the years?
1775	Dani, now 23, said she acknowledges that she was 'gambling with her life' by paying just £5,000, in cash, for the trio of ops in Istanbul.
1776	“Dan Moore has a knee sprain,” Tomlin said.
1777	Danny gets $40M per year base plus incentives of $8.75M per year.
1778	Danny Murphy has come to the defence of his former Liverpool team-mate Steven Gerrard, insisting that the 43-year-old's move to Saudi Arabia is not motivated by money.
1779	"Darkness Rises again in Loot Lake!" reads the official description.
1780	Darrell Kunitomi and others tour the receiving barn at Santa Anita Park, which was a shower facility for Japanese Americans incarcerated there.
1781	Darren is now at the helm of the ship as Managing Director, steering it towards further growth and success over the coming decades.
1782	Darr, who was based at the Met’s North Area Basic Command Unit, was not asked to enter pleas to any of the charges, which are indictable only, meaning they can only be tried in the Crown Court.
1783	Dartford manager Alan Dowson, right, and coach Christian Jolley.
1784	Darwin Nunez is yet to start a game this season after an underwhelming first campaign following his club-record £85 million ($107 million) move from Benfica.
1785	Dasmarinas’ manuscript survived and it is now in the US.
1786	Data centers require an enormous amount of electricity, most of which is supplied by fossil fuels.”
1787	DAVAO CITY – A shallow but strong earthquake occurred offshore Surigao del Sur in the Pacific Ocean, rocking most of eastern Mindanao and eastern Visayas on late Saturday night.
1788	Davenport was originally supposed to sit in on the listening session, but the trip to Coffman was a last-minute change.
1789	David Bradberry, then 23, said he was introduced to Jacobson by an agent who described him as the gatekeeper to “the owners” of A&F in 2010, but said there was no mention of sex.
1790	Davidovich Fokina had no answer for de Minaur in their Toronto semi-final.
1791	Davidson admitted to driving from Ireby to her home address at Highmoor Bungalows in Wigton.
1792	Davidson said the goal was not to reduce the inmates to the worst thing they had ever done.
1793	Davina McCall has revealed she 'stormed off' the set of The Masked Singer during filming for the show's new series, after a close friend was revealed to be inside one of the costumes.
1794	Davis already holds several NCAA records, including consecutive games in double figures (143) and 3-pointers (584).
1795	Davis appeared via audio visual link before Magistrate Scott Nash in Kempsey Local Court on July 19.
1796	Davis had heard stories about pieces of Nazi loot lost during World War II washing up on Texas beaches.
1797	DAVOS- American financial services company Morgan Stanley will set up shop in the Philippines, Malacaang announced on Wednesday.
1798	Davy Litten slides over for the Black and Whites.
1799	Day eventually found Pesek-Hickson for a 16-yard touchdown to make it 48-27, which would end up being the final score.
1800	Debbie Mitchell, 36, principal of Razzamataz Theatre School & Dumfries, met Ross Hyslop, 31, a firefighter for Scottish Fire and Rescue Service in a ‘Strictly Come Dancing’ charity event in 2015.
1801	Declan Swans, made up of Michael Hett, Ben Jones and Mark Jones, have been performing in the Wrexham area for over 20 years.
1802	“Declining water quality has become a global issue of concern.
1803	Dedicated, caring kindergarten teachers are committed to ensuring a positive learning experience for the child who, along with their family, engage in activities and experiences that follow the B.C. kindergarten curriculum.
1804	Defeat means extinction as a sovereign nation, and the destruction of Ukrainian identity.
1805	Defence coach Simon Easterby will have a field day in his review after watching Ireland concede six linebreaks and miss 24 tackles.
1806	Defensive back Jack Jones runs through a stretching drill during New England Patriots training camp in Foxboro.
1807	Defensive midfield reinforcements therefore remain key, while the play with the possibility of engine room and defensive additions before the September 1st deadline.
1808	Deion’s son Shilo on Saturday announced that he will be transferring to Colorado.
1809	DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale now owns 1,067,364 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock valued at $173,807,000 after purchasing an additional 660,403 shares during the last quarter.
1810	DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale now owns 513,659 shares of the pharmacy operator’s stock worth $16,245,000 after buying an additional 61,456 shares in the last quarter.
1811	De la Torre remains unbeaten in what looks set to be his last municipal elections.
1812	Delhi has the poorest air quality among cities globally, with PM2.5 concentration levels pegged at nearly 10 times the WHO target.
1813	Democratic candidates in the 2016 and 2020 presidential elections won Charleston County, which encompasses most of the city.
1814	Demolition on the grandstand at Arlington Park in Arlington Heights began on Friday, June 16, 2023.
1815	Demolition site manager Nathan Byng, of Portsmouth, discovered the find.
1816	Denise, 60, said: “The irony that it was on World Cancer Day that I had surgery to remove my tumour was overwhelming but with it, came the realisation that I was going to be OK.
1817	Dental health solutions start-up Smiles.ai has rebranded itself as Dezy with ambitious plans to launch 300 clinics.
1818	Denver7 Investigates also obtained a spreadsheet through an open records request that listed candidates' first and last names, ethnicities and JSA ratings.
1819	DENVER (AP) — DENVER (AP) — EverCommerce Inc. (EVCM) on Wednesday reported a loss of $17.8 million in its fourth quarter.
1820	Denver Nuggets guard Jamal Murray controls the ball as the Miami Heat’s Caleb Martin defends during the second quarter in Game Four of the 2023 NBA Finals at Kaseya Center on June 09, 2023 in Miami, Florida.
1821	Denver reported 653 veterans experiencing homelessness and more than 200 homeless veterans were counted in Colorado’s rural areas.
1822	Deon Taylor, like many, was changed by the pandemic.
1823	Depending on the practice type you select, you can adjust the duration from as short as four minutes to as long as 80 minutes.
1824	Derbyshire police have closed the busy A50 in both directions this morning to deal with an incident.
1825	Derby's Museum of Making will reopen in early 2024 after a three-month closure.
1826	Derby were under more pressure than us, we were relying on them.
1827	DeRozan is efficient from virtually everywhere inside the arc, one of the best post players in the NBA, and he draws fouls like nobody's business.
1828	Describe Rachel in three words.
1829	Describing the relations between Belarus and Syria in general, he described them as historically friendly and strong in all areas - from economy to culture.
1830	Deserts, swamps, taigas, jungles, and snowy plains could benefit from having unique designs.
1831	Designs showing the planned HS2 trains.
1832	Despite 2baba’s reputation for fathering children with other women, he declared that Annie is the only one in his life and has always been the only one.
1833	Despite a culture of deference to older generations, ideas about culling them have surfaced in Japan before.
1834	Despite all of the positives with the Bobcats defense, they turned the ball over seven times in the first 10 minutes, which helped Mount St. Maryâ€™s stay in the game.
1835	“Despite an air of confidence from Biden and his team, some Democrats say they believe Trump has a very serious shot at winning back the Oval Office.”
1836	Despite an ultimate Owls loss, visiting FAU students still enjoyed going to the game, and were able to come away with an adventure that they will never forget.
1837	Despite being a hit song way back in 1983, Zoolander revived interest in it.
1838	Despite being Yamamoto's right-hand man, he was totally wasted in the Soul Society arc, and he did almost nothing in the fake Karakura Town, either.
1839	Despite bumps, warts and achievements, all Canadians share a common history stream in this great country.
1840	Despite critical acclaim, awards momentum fizzled out as flashier challengers emerged.
1841	Despite her excellent grades, she faced challenges finding a job as she was discriminated against for being a woman.
1842	Despite her murderous tendencies, Turner plays Beverly as irresistibly charming and charismatic.
1843	Despite issuing 14 double faults and at one point throwing her racket in frustration, Giorgi stayed composed in the final set breaker, smacking a forehand winner on match point to end the three-hour, 32-minute slugfest.
1844	Despite its connection to a beloved Disneyland attraction, is underperforming at the global box office.
1845	Despite numerous challenges, 2022 was a strong year for active ETFs.
1846	Despite social pressure to adopt "gentle" or "respectful" approaches, child development experts say the terms aren't well-defined, nor have they been rigorously studied.
1847	Despite the attacks, she seems unperturbed.
1848	Despite the heavy, emotional aspects of Season 8, like all of them, it had its high points.
1849	Despite the introduction of an anti-camp feature in 2023, Killers will often resort to camping and tunneling in the Endgame in order to secure a kill.
1850	Despite the substantial number of Pokemon, the Pokedex are relatively easy to complete.
1851	Despite this, not everything was sunny side up on Friday.
1852	Despite this, the report was released, sharing damning findings about the former party and UK leader.
1853	Details four essential KPIs - number of cards in circulation, number of transactions, load value, and value of transactions.
1854	Details such as who sent the message were not included.
1855	Detective Chief Superintendent Bird continued: “Their investigation of the evidence found, in light of the perceived threat and the intelligence that an individual was in possession of a knife, the response was reasonable in the circumstances.
1856	Detroit could get up to 6 inches of snow, with the National Weather Service noting the possibility of power outages due to strong winds.
1857	Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft assumed coverage on shares of Danaher in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th.
1858	Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft raised their target price on Broadcom from $905.00 to $950.00 in a research note on Friday, September 1st.
1859	Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft upped their target price on Graphic Packaging from $28.00 to $30.00 in a report on Wednesday, May 3rd.
1860	Developed using blockchain technology, cryptos’ many use cases are gradually becoming accessible as this sector continues to grow.
1861	“Developing new skills gives my child confidence, introduces her to multiple cultures and sets her foot on new experiences.
1862	DeVonta Smith had 1,196 yards on the season while his teammate A.J. Brown had 1,496.
1863	DFES Commissioner Darren Klemm in a September media conference said forecasts predicted a “difficult summer.”
1864	D&G asked them to take a photo together.
1865	D Grade saw Clyde pull off yet another stunning upset, the bottom-placed team beating ladder-leaders Officer.
1866	Dianne Saxe, who represents the ward of University-Rosedale, said she understands that people who feel desperate would turn to private services.
1867	Diddi spent 200% more money for laser cut nametags made from leftover wood sheets from CSU Nancy Richardson Design Center’s wood shop and clipped to lanyards.
1868	Didn’t he also see it was a wonderful thing that some Trump supporters did not just dismiss the Times as fake news, but still believed in it enough to respond thoughtfully to an invitation to share their views?
1869	Did they change the headline?
1870	Did we miss out on an opportunity to truly confront systemic racism in higher education by focusing too much on the transgressions of a single individual?
1871	Did you listen to the next three sentences?
1872	Difference, no longer to be politely ignored, is insisted upon at all times under the guise of acknowledging “positionality.”
1873	Different technology and scenarios call for different tools.
1874	Digital design and fabrication technologies have radically transformed the way artists and designers conceive and produce work.
1875	Digital transformation is also a vital tool in strengthening PFM (Public Financial Management) at all levels of government, especially at the local level,” the BDM chief said.
1876	Digressing, Swerve has to win this match.
1877	Dimensional Fund Advisors LP’s holdings in New Jersey Resources were worth $109,434,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
1878	Dingo, a Yes supporter, said all it meant was 'inclusion in the Constibloodytution'.
1879	Diogo Jota, Cody Gakpo, and Luis Díaz are all natural left-wingers, with Darwin Núñez also often slotting into that position.
1880	Directing is fun and I’ve done a fair amount of it, but I don’t think I would dip my feet into this world.
1881	Director Greta Gerwig has written the screenplay with her long-term partner Noah Baumbach, director of films such as Marriage Story and Frances Ha.
1882	Director of Public Sector Projects at CCSA, Kiesha Farnum.
1883	Directors grapple every day with the question of “where should I focus right now?”
1884	Discerning how to respond involves one’s relationship with God, family and community as well as personal discernment about suffering and consequences.
1885	Discover the builds across Shaw Spotlights social media channels, where every reaction on Facebook, like on Instagram, and retweet on Twitter counts as a vote.
1886	Disha Patani is known to serve fashion goals every now and then.
1887	Disney animators Tom Bancroft and Tony Bancroft have an unexpected reaction to the controversial AI-generated anime video Rock, Paper, Scissors.
1888	Disobeying the colony norms, they respond to a different summons and ensure that their presence will be recorded.
1889	Distinguished VIP attendees included Mrs.
1890	Distributed by APO Group on behalf of Business Council for Africa (BCA).
1891	District residents who receive government assistance to buy groceries will see a boost in benefits after the D.C. Council said it expects to spend $40 million in excess revenue in 2024 to help low-income families.
1892	Disturbing dreams convinced to surrender his $3,000 Colorado homestead to the Ute.
1893	Diyln Carter took home both the girls 11-12 50 and 100 freestyle events with respective times of 26.84 and 57.96, while Meghan Ayres boasted gold in three different races: 50 breaststroke, 50 butterfly, and 100 freestyle.
1894	DJ Consequence, one of Nigeria’s most popular spinners, hosts a yearly event he tags ‘The Vibe’, which is sponsored by liquor brands and attended by fans all over the country.
1895	Djokovic at times showed irritation with this coach Goran Ivanicevic who supported him from a courtside box or remonstrated with himself after a wasted point.
1896	Dobson, an abstract expressionist painter and collagist, explores human microcosms that exist within a divine macrocosmic background.
1897	• Do consider your neighborhood.
1898	Doctor Who fans heap praise on 'perfect' guest star Miriam Margolyes and commend her on managing not to swear: 'Take a well earned bow'
1899	Does every successful long-distance relationship end with one half of the couple deciding to move for love?
1900	Does it match the style of previous emails you’ve had from the company or business?
1901	Does not get enough national attention.
1902	Does that mean a pause or a stop to the tightening cycle?
1903	Does that mean that the brains of people who speak those languages are more stimulated?
1904	Does this make any sense?
1905	Does this mean Nvidia will fail in its mission?
1906	Does Usopp Have the Will of D?
1907	DOH said influenza-like illness presents as fever, sore throat, and cough and that Mycoplasma is “not unusual, but a common pathogen.”
1908	Do I do what I need to do for myself?
1909	Domestically, this is done primarily through corporate partnerships.
1910	Dominating the ticket percentage with and accounting for of the total handle, De La Cruz is undoubtedly a name to watch.
1911	Donald Trump could benefit from Mike Pence’s recent classified document dilemma, a former aide to the Vice President has claimed.
1912	Donald Trump's ally and former attorney Rudy Giuliani is likely to evade fees he owes election workers he has defamed, the individuals said in a court filing Friday.
1913	Donate monthly to life-saving cancer research at cruk.
1914	Donning a teeny white dress, every so often adjusting her leg-crossing position, Catherine said: “ You know I don't like to wear any underwear, don't you, Nick?”
1915	Don't assume the client is preoccupied with things they don’t care about in reality.
1916	Don’t delay in reserving your spot, as tickets are limited, and this iconic night is sure to sell out fast.
1917	Don't forget she was incredibly close to Harry herself.'
1918	Don't forget the Christ's hatred for fig trees and money changers.
1919	Don’t get me wrong, Jurkovec’s three interceptions sealed the deal on the Panthers’ fate.
1920	Don’t get me wrong: science will be massively important for the future.
1921	"Don’t worry, we still have a year and half to show you our colors!"
1922	Doohan was 12th, as a number of cars battled to move towards the top 10, but Correa got too close to Doohan, clipping him from behind and forcing him to spin out.
1923	Dooms recently filmed as a director and he played all male and female roles.
1924	Dorset aristocrat Constance Marten and Mark Gordon have been remanded into custody charged with manslaughter after a court heard the remains of a baby were found in a plastic bag under some nappies in an allotment shed.
1925	Douglas County, which is also the most expensive market, has the highest vacancy rate in the metro area at 6.1%, followed by Denver at 6%, while Boulder/Broomfield counties had the lowest at 5%.
1926	Doull now counts by his own estimate somewhere between two million and three million books in his inventory, spread out over the store, the upstairs of its building, and an additional garage storage space.
1927	Downloads of the Fusion Industry Association's annual report, which details the $4.8 billion in venture capital investments in fusion energy startups, increased tenfold since the NIF achievement was announced, Holland said.
1928	“Down the road, Artificial Intelligence (AI) will be applied in ways that will bring quality health care and education to more people,” he said.
1929	Downtown office workers are back to their desks at only 43% of pre-pandemic levels, according to the Downtown Seattle Association.
1930	Do you guys know echidnas?
1931	“Do you realise that this is a nuclear weapon which took 200,000 Japanese civilians’ lives?
1932	Do you remember where you were?
1933	Do you remember why those folks were just as bad as him if not worse?
1934	Dozens of eventual NHL stars have participated over the years, including Oilers great Connor McDavid.
1935	Dozens of fascist and far right candidates, both in organisations and as independents, are standing.
1936	Dozens of feet of snow have fallen in the mountains since mid-October, helping break records in the past week.
1937	Dozens of nonprofit groups across the Inland Empire are sharing in nearly $200,000 in grants from the Morongo Band of Mission Indians.
1938	Dozens of Trump supporters lined the street outside of DeSantis' speaking engagement, many of them waving 'Trump 2024' signs and a few showing off 'DeSantis 2028' posters.
1939	Dracula's wife and the great-granddaughter of Abraham Van Helsing, Ericka often acts as the voice of reason against her husband's more petulant impulses.
1940	DraftKings Casino’s offer comes with a 15x wagering requirement on the bonus funds.
1941	Drake also released the song “Draft Day” just days before Johnny Manziel was drafted in 2014, dedicating the anthem to his friend Manziel — and the troubled quarterback famously flamed out of the league after just two years.
1942	Drawing from national registries and agency data, the report weighed numerous factors that impact people’s mental health status across all 50 states.
1943	Dr Chinedu Umeadi is the candidate of Young Progressive Party (YPP) for Anambra Central Senatorial District in the forthcoming general election.
1944	DR Congo accuses Rwanda of supporting M23 rebels, which Kigali authorities have consistently denied.
1945	Dr. Edmonds-Poli touched on the significance of this study abroad on a larger scale.
1946	Dressel’s best showing of the week was a third-place finish in the 50 butterfly, a non-Olympic event.
1947	Drew has the three up!
1948	Drew Locke can remain as the Backup.
1949	Drill hole 23SA003 was drilled approximately 1.4 kilometres southeast of 23SA001 and SA002.
1950	Driven out onto the stage at the 2023 Consumer Electronics Show (CES) this week, the car first appeared bone white.
1951	Drivers headed west will be directed to Highway 99 north, turn left at California Avenue and then merge onto Highway 99 south, the city of Bakersfield wrote.
1952	Drizzle any remaining sauce over the gratin and around the edges.
1953	Dr. M’membe’s arrest is in connection with some statements he publishes on his Facebook page.
1954	Dr. Sandra Kappes of Back in Action Physical Therapy advises clients and players to stretch before and after pickleball and to exercise regularly, engaging in other activities in addition to pickleball.
1955	Dr. Sean Campbell received funding from the AHRC for his book, 'Irish Blood, English Heart': Second-Generation Irish Musicians in England (Cork University Press, 2011).
1956	Dr Seewoodhary added: “Early data suggest 'Arcturus' does not have any increased ability to evade protection from vaccines compared to other Omicron strains.
1957	Dr. Silumbe also questioned why mealie meal prices should continue rising when the country has plenty of maize.
1958	Dr. Sivana and his multiversal duplicates attacked the Wizard in the Rock of Eternity, took him prisoner, and began mining the Rock.
1959	Drugs watchdog NICE will then assess whether they are cost-effective for the NHS.
1960	Dry your eyes, boys.
1961	Dubbed as Autodose I, the system is said to be a pioneer product that aims to enhance small scale farming in the country.
1962	“Dude, you have got to put it away,” said one officer.
1963	Due to differences in logging data, comparisons between countries are difficult.
1964	Due to the distancing rules, we went from eight tables down to four, from 40 covers down to 20, and we basically had to double our custom to keep going.
1965	Due to the error, the cropped or blurred parts can partially or completely reconstruct the original image.
1966	"Due to the immense generosity of our practice attendees, the Christmas tree at the practice becomes more festooned each year with fabulous gifts," Belinda said.
1967	Dumars told ESPN’s Adrian Wojnarowski that Green is a repeat offender, which “weighs as heavy as anything.”
1968	DUP leader Sir Jeffrey Donaldson said the Taoiseach now has a “better understanding” of the difficulties the protocol has created for the province.
1969	Durao has been an investor for several years.
1970	During a 2017 preliminary site inspection, Scheidt identified two California gnatcatchers, coastal sage scrub, and sensitive native plants on the southern property.
1971	During a galactic battle against the Accusers (another Kree military force led by Ronan, the antagonist from Guardians of the Galaxy), Carol manages to destroy several fighter ships and their missiles, showing her physicality, speed, and flying abilities.
1972	During a moment where she attempted to console her daughter Kim Kardashian over her troubles with ex-husband Kanye West, viewers took to TikTok to comment on Kris' altered look.
1973	During an interview with Mike Plowman in 1996, David said: "I have worked as a gas fitter, plumber, ice cream salesman and barman.
1974	During a struggle in which Mrs Wilson also tried to get the phone, PC Craig Brown restrained the senior officer and the video showed him yelling “don’t grab her” twice.
1975	During a talk-show on the war in Yemen, Zalfa rejected accusations levelled at the Saudi government that it had made a mistake in entering the war.
1976	During de Tissot’s time at the firm, one of her largest customers was Pernod Ricard, helping the company as it began to grow quickly outside of France and had to more seriously consider international tax regulations.
1977	During his fight with Boros, the bald hero was sent flying into the Moon.
1978	During his first experience holding a captain position for the team, Hoard handled the responsibility well, seeing the Aggies through their ups and downs as they played this season.
1979	During his freshman season with the Illini, Clark averaged 7.0 points, 3.7 rebounds, 2.1 assists and 2.8 steals per game.
1980	During his halt in Sydney, the Union minister met with Australia India Business Council National Chair, Jodi McKay, and discussed ways to foster trade and business relationships between their countries.
1981	During his second rotation, he provided supply support to the Razorback unmanned undersea vehicle program.
1982	During his statement, Mathew apologized to the victims for his “insensitive and disrespectful words in the past.”
1983	During his time here, Teddy is being trained by Jeremy Jones and he’s become a rock star.
1984	During holiday shopping times like Black Friday, you’re best bet is to check first-party vendor websites.
1985	During its rapid development, I learned about the myriad ways people are filtered and branded.
1986	During oral arguments in the UNC case, Justice Amy Coney Barrett asked SFFA’s lawyer to consider an applicant who came from “an underprivileged school, who maybe didn’t have the best teaching, best opportunities to score well on the SAT.”
1987	During our journey, we have lost many who fought for this party’s growth,” Kejriwal said, remembering his party colleagues Manish Sisodia and Satyendar Jain, who are currently lodged in jail.
1988	During that period, Australia’s national mean temperature was 0.13 degrees warmer than the 1961–1990 average.
1989	During the conversation, spoke about her fame, facing criticism of her success, her diverse fanbase, photos leaking and much more.
1990	During the coronation of Charles III in Great Britain, several members of the honor guard fainted.
1991	During the interview, Trump said he was not ” with the prospect of prison time.
1992	During their time together, they welcomed two children, Willa Jonas (born July 2020) and another daughter (born July 2022) whose name has not been publicly revealed.
1993	During the January speaker contest, Hern was one of the alternatives nominated by holdout conservatives as an alternative to McCarthy.
1994	During the medieval ages, Colmar was a booming marketplace and a melting pot of different religious orders, from Protestants to Dominicans to Catholics.
1995	During the meeting, the Chief Minister apprised the Home Minister of the current situation and also discussed a wide range of issues pertaining to the strife-torn state, sources said.
1996	During the period, 1,129 arrests were made for possession of unlicensed firearms and ammunition, while 1,236 unlicensed firearms and 16,371 ammunition were recovered.
1997	During the remainder of the season, Pacheco almost tripled his carries to 13.75 carries a game.
1998	During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.53 EPS.
1999	During the same period last year, the business earned $0.84 earnings per share.
2000	During the summer of 2007, former Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge landed perennial NBA All-Stars Ray Allen and Kevin Garnett in trades with the Seattle Supersonics and Minnesota Timberwolves, respectively.
2001	During the trial, audio recordings of Tronnes’ police interrogation were played, where officers expressed their skepticism about his account of events.
2002	During this course, someone called the police and he had doubts on his landlord Fahim for the murder of his wife and children and he intended that he may be enquired.
2003	During Tuesday night’s ceremony, the Tomorrow Never Dies star was announced as the recipient of the award, prompting a big reaction from her co-star.
2004	“Dylan said it best.
2005	Dynamite will be live on Wednesday from Independence, Missouri at Cable Dahmer Arena.
2006	Each bone-crunching check against the glass wears down skaters over an arduous playoff run.
2007	Each camera includes a desktop stand and a outdoor charging cable and anti-drop cable, but for sticking a camera in the ground the company is selling a camera mount with attached ground spike separately for $40.
2008	Each episode consists of three competitions: a mental challenge for the "Naughty and Nice" power, a physical "Jingle Bell Brawl," and a final showdown.
2009	Each expansion feels better than the last.
2010	Each new game in the series has a slightly different combat system, but Final Fantasy 16 may miss out by not replicating Cloud's proficiency.
2011	Each of those can be used to recharge your power station at varying speeds, or you can connect a compatible solar panel if you’re feeling green.
2012	Each project has been assessed using crash records to identify problems and to determine the best solution.
2013	Each quarter after the earnings season is over, I write an article giving a complete portfolio list and performance.
2014	Each session will concentrate on various topics to help participants establish good habits and learn how to manage their pre-diabetes or diabetes symptoms.
2015	Each step above is essential to unlocking this offer, so make sure that you deposit $10 or more and wager $1 or more!
2016	Each year the Chichester Symphony Orchestra performs its Summer Concert at St. Paul’s Church as part of the Festival of Chichester.
2017	Each year, the Knock Knock What I Love About You Fill-in-the-Blank Book receives much acclaim — and for a good reason.
2018	Earlier, a Congress delegation, headed by Siddaramaiah, met the Governor and staked claim to form the government.
2019	Earlier, PAGASA forecasted that Super Typhoon Mawar might enter the Philippine Area of Responsibility on Friday, May 26, 2023.
2020	Earlier this month, the 5th Circuit Court, while overruling the Texas judge’s decision to take mifepristone off the market, barred pharmacies from dispensing mifepristone, rolling back a January FDA decision.
2021	Earlier this week, issued an alert saying that it had discovered a security flaw in its popular browser that was actively being exploited by cyber criminals in the wild.
2022	Earlier this week, Rightmove reported that the average price tag on a newly marketed home in fell by £82 in June, marking the first monthly decrease seen in 2023.
2023	Earlier this week, TMZ reported Swift paid a total of $55 million in bonuses to every member of the Eras crew, including $100,000 to each truck driver hauling her equipment around the country.
2024	Earlier this year, Meek Mill’s REFORM Alliance ventured to Virginia State University to speak about Criminal Justice on campus.
2025	Earlier this year, Royal Mail boss Simon Thompson was grilled by senior MPs and denied a policy of delivering more parcels than letters, something that could breach Ofcom's rules.
2026	Earlier this year, the mum-of-three addressed Charlie's eczema woes.
2027	Early in the evening during Friday Night SmackDown this week, Paul Heyman told Solo Sikoa they need to make this night special for Roman Reigns.
2028	Earth Day is a special day that reminds us of the importance of taking care of our planet.
2029	“Earthquake safe infrastructure, the basis of safe life”
2030	Eastbound Interstate 10 closed between the State Route 51 “Mini-Stack” and US 60 (Superstition Freeway) from 10 p.m. Friday to 4 a.m. Monday (Oct. 30) for work zone setup and lane adjustments as part of the Broadway Curve Improvement Project.
2031	Eastern Michigan EDGE Jose Ramirez has a lot of buzz and will be fun to watch in practice.
2032	EAST LAURINBURG — A resident of First Street reported to the Sheriff’s Office on June 22 that someone had shot at the residence.
2033	East Lindsey District Council confirmed that bin men will be coming by as normal.
2034	Easy to slide on & stays on great without falling off.
2035	Eben Etzebeth during the Springboks' team profile shoot for the Rugby Championship at Southern Sun Pretoria on July 7 2023.
2036	E-bikes and batteries kept in the showroom for special discounted sale on Diwali were destroyed in the fire.
2037	EDDIE Howe believes have had a "good" summer transfer window, with the club set to wrap up their business with the capture of Chelsea's Lewis Hall, who had his medical on Tyneside yesterday.
2038	Edge-driven convection led to upwelling of asthenospheric hot materials that not only vertically raised the crust but also triggered magmatism in the lithosphere of the Hoh Xil and West Qinling orogenic regions.
2039	Editor's note: This article was updated June 2023 to include Trolls.
2040	Edmonton City Council has been making changes to transit for the past year in an attempt to make it safer, and with colder weather soon approaching, councillors anticipate even more changes will be needed.
2041	Edward Harty (38) admitted twice breaching an anti-social behaviour injunction preventing him from entering a street in Thurmaston.
2042	Edwards and Mekhi Hagens combined to complete 14-for-29 passes for 143 yards, a touchdown and two interceptions.
2043	Egypt’s state-run media reported that 17 aid trucks were crossing into Gaza on Sunday, but the United Nations said no trucks had crossed.
2044	Election authorities in Telangana have withdrawn 15 advertisements of three major parties as their content was distorted and misused on various social media platforms.
2045	“Elections have been successfully held both nationally and sub-nationally.
2046	Element, a British instant messenger, had also indicated that it might leave the country if the law was passed.
2047	Eleventh, the Palestinians view the plan to reflect the grand designer Jared Kushner's great esteem and respect for the و Israelis and deep contempt and dislike for them.
2048	Elezi and Kadriu were each sentenced to four years imprisonment.
2049	Eligibility is based on households which are ‘self-rationing’ their energy, meaning those who are deliberately limiting their energy use so that they can afford to spend money on other goods or services.
2050	Elisa believes that the experience would have been frightening for the rabbit and that the task was unnecessary.
2051	Ellen Bick, a retired Brookline resident, attended the CitySpace event as a “supporter against gun violence,” and wanted to hear Hogg speak.
2052	Ellen French House showed Chemirmir two photos of her mother: one of Norma French alive, the other after the 85-year-old was killed.
2053	Ellie and Joel are almost to their horse when one of the guys attacks; Joel breaks the man’s neck, but not before the man stabs him in the torso with the ragged end of a baseball bat.
2054	Elliott also had an effort chalked off for Salah interfering with play in a offside position, but the visitors did finally get their second when Diogo Jota smacked home in the final minute.
2055	Elnicki told the audience she feels like she’s living the heartbreak over, but described it as “way worse than it was” when she left Thailand because she’s “seeing it from a different point of view.”
2056	Elon Musk appears to have become distracted by his purchase of Twitter.
2057	Elon Musk is considering buying Premier League club, Manchester United.
2058	Elsewhere, a state Department of Transportation worker also was killed while responding to storm damage, Georgia Gov. Brian Kemp said.
2059	Elsewhere, at Next you can get 100% Linen Wide Leg Trousers in petite or regular lengths.
2060	Elsewhere this tick carries another pathogen, Theileria orientalis, that affects cattle, and cases of bovine theileriosis have been reported in Ohio.
2061	Email “Ireland's Paul O'Donovan and Fintan McCarthy crowned world champions for third time”.
2062	Embracing the growing popularity of tourism in the region, the estate — with a history spanning 800 years — relaunched in 2019, offering a ‘3-in-1’ destination.
2063	Emefiele made the demand while denying allegations levelled against him in the alleged reports of the Special Investigator as published in the media.
2064	Emergency service crews were called to the West Hill in Hastings after concerns were raised for the welfare of a woman, police said.
2065	Emergency services and essential workers can access the village on a track that requires a four-wheel drive.
2066	Emerging players in the political landscape, are they genuine?
2067	Emery said: “I am very disappointed, very frustrated.
2068	Emily O'Reilly, EU Ombudsman: "We're all now so used to using these WhatsApps and Snapchats and everything else to send our messages.
2069	Emily the Criminal crime drama that centers around the titular character.
2070	Emma described her grandson as a happy kid who loved to eat, fish and look after his family.
2071	'Emma is incredibly brave to be coming to London to do this.
2072	Emmett Leary shaved another four seconds off his personal best to win the senior boys (U14) 1500m and in the process also ran the fastest time by a Grade 8 Coyote athlete in the team’s history.
2073	“Empowerment is at the heart of our Caring Crew group.
2074	Enforcement includes a written notice of specific violations and a possible assessment of a penalty depending upon the severity of the violation on First Violations.
2075	Engines can be repaired and sold again.
2076	English voted to certify the results while her Republican counterparts held out.
2077	Entering a plea of guilty, they were bound over to district court.
2078	Entering the game Saturday against the New York Red Bulls at Soldier Field, the Fire are 2-2-4 (10 points) but have turned victories into ties, and now ties into losses.
2079	Entire districts of Derna, with an estimated population of at least 120,000, were swept away or buried in brown mud.
2080	Entrance to an operational terrorist tunnel, found under a baby's crib in a child's bedroom, in a "civilian" home in Jabalya.
2081	Envestnet Asset Management Inc. now owns 13,427,010 shares of the company’s stock worth $608,418,000 after purchasing an additional 10,520,573 shares during the period.
2082	“Environmentalists continue to press for more responsible management of the natural world.
2083	Eovaldi threw 76 of his 98 pitches for strikes without a walk while allowing only one run.
2084	Episodes of the classic courtroom drama made by Granada TV have surfaced occasionally on television and on DVD since the show ended in 1984.
2085	EQT Co. has a fifty-two week low of $20.63 and a fifty-two week high of $51.97.
2086	Equality New Brunswick, a social justice nonprofit, and the Wabanaki Two Spirit Alliance co-filed an application.
2087	Erik ten Hag’s side are looking to end their season on a high note having won the League Cup and Varane – who spent 10 trophy-laden years at Real Madrid – said United are developing a winning mentality again.
2088	Erling Haaland has eased fears over his fitness by training ahead of ‘s Champions League clash with Young Boys on Tuesday.
2089	Escobar finished 1 for 16 in the team’s opening series against the Marlins, with his only hit coming on a single on Opening Day.
2090	ESET researchers have discovered one of the payloads of the Wslink downloader: the WinorDLL64 backdoor.
2091	Especially when a Cursed debuff pops up on a core skill, players will then occasionally be forced to keep using the ability while punishing their ally or abandon the move entirely and play shorthanded in combat.
2092	ESPN’s Dianna Russini reported Monday that “teams and agents waiting to make moves as many believe it’s the biggest domino to fall to get this free agency going.”
2093	Esports was a official entry for the first time, and a giant favorite.
2094	Established in 1923, and the original location of the Coral Gables Library, the Coral Gables Woman’s Club is a 501(c)3 organization supporting a free children’s dental clinic on its premises.
2095	Ethanol is quite gentle—although the proof is somewhat lower than releases like ECBP tend to be—making for a dram that is quite easily enjoyed neat.
2096	Europe also performed relatively well with margins at 5.6% and modest decline in sales.
2097	Europe risks losing its competitive standing in the global marketplace.
2098	Even after such advances, activists believe the conference has not been ambitious enough.
2099	"Even after we cross the finish line for this deal’s approval, we will remain focused on ensuring that 'Call of Duty' remains available on more platforms and for more consumers than ever before."
2100	Even a giant dollop of homemade whipped cream spooned on top won’t sway me.
2101	Even a partial list of artists represented is incredible,” the museum said.
2102	“Even as society continues to evolve all around us and businesses and high streets move with the times, there’s nothing quite like getting your business in front of people in the bustle of a town centre market.
2103	Even assuming that these bearish predictions play out as analysts expect (which is far from a given, for reasons we will examine), 2023 would most likely mark the low point of the company’s performance.
2104	Even as they held back food, water and news from the hostages, Hamas made them act out propaganda that benefited its image.
2105	"Even at half-time, when we were coming out for the second-half, I was saying ‘You’ve got to be clinical, show that ruthless edge at the top level’.
2106	Even complete VPN newbies should be absolutely fine with CyberGhost VPN.
2107	Even if he is willing, which is highly doubtful, he is incapable of fulfilling the basic conditions to stabilize Syria and secure the safe return of refugees.
2108	Even if that were not the case, Hurricane Andrew in 1993 destroyed at least one exotic pet zoo near Miami that housed Burmese pythons, which were never seen again.
2109	Even if this is the first time that he was arrested for a carnapping offense, Taneo said that they consider Otero as a notorious ‘motornapper’ since he has stolen several motorcycles already.
2110	Even Los Angeles County, with all its concrete, is home to more than 500 species of birds, 19 species of snakes and dozens of species of frogs, lizards and turtles.
2111	Even months later, Westworld is reportedly still costing HBO hundreds of millions of dollars after its sudden and surprising cancellation.
2112	Even older folks, long the most reliable daytime viewers, are spending more time streaming true crime shows during the day.
2113	Even so, we managed to create harmonies and melodies without knowing the chord names, just playing by ear.
2114	“Even that young, you are acutely aware of how big a part is missing.
2115	Even the British coronation, meanwhile, was toned down from the last one for the late Queen Elizabeth 70 years ago.
2116	Even the most progressive agists among us genuflect before the idea of indigenous and aboriginal people organizing their polity around “elders.”
2117	Even then – before Fox, before Trump, before England’s phone hacking scandal – Murdoch had begun to poison the waters of journalism in which young reporters of my generation would have to learn to swim.
2118	“Even the Palestinian ambassador to Indonesia was supposedly not opposed to Israel playing,” said a western observer with deep ties to the government, “This was so monumentally stupid, it defies belief.
2119	Even those who critique, or hate what I say every Monday.
2120	Even though I’m a Black student, writer, and researcher, I feel like I’ve been less and less invested in BHM as I got older — I’m still trying to unpack why.
2121	Even though they are expensive, you’ll see the value.”
2122	Even though they continue to head off to incredibly beautiful places, Tim says that returning from these sails or vacations is still special.
2123	Even though TMC lost some seats in the 2021 Assembly elections, government schemes continue in those constituencies," Banerjee added.
2124	Even today, umpteen years later from when I lived on Long Island, I can still hear the voice in my head coming from the PA.
2125	'Eventually and devastatingly, economic suicide turned into an actual suicide.'
2126	Eventually, Drew brings in a local actor to play his Doo-Dah, a grandfather figure.
2127	Eventually, the family moved to St. Ann’s Parish in Flushing, where she and her brother John were raised.
2128	Eventually, they settled on Rav Yitzchok as the new rav and he left the suburbs and moved to Warsaw proper.
2129	Even with a drop in inflation, the possibilities for a Reserve Bank of India interest rate cut are still far off, as indicated by the generally bullish survey data and predictions for 6.3% growth this fiscal year and next.
2130	Even without the tax revenues, Fox-La Rose said the casino has been a major economic driver for the county.
2131	Even with this pressure, Dufay insisted that "we're not thinking of a raise at this stage.
2132	Evercore Wealth Management LLC lifted its holdings in shares of Chevron by 6.6% in the second quarter.
2133	Everton team news in full for the pre-season friendly against Sporting Lisbon.
2134	"Everybody in the meeting appreciated the move," the official added.
2135	“Everybody just has cards or their phones now,” said Sylvester Harris, a 54-year-old Washington native who panhandles near Capital One Arena.
2136	“Everybody looks out for each other,” one neighbor said.
2137	Every character’s success or failure is determined by the relationships in their lives—the “chemistry” between people, if you will.
2138	Every government (was) informed at one point or another.
2139	Every Monday, the Hungry Horse is offering selected kids meals for just £1 and larger meals for only £1.50 with every full-paying adult.
2140	Every movie only added to the litany of looks cosplayers could create, from The Merovingian's black and red dinner ensemble to The Twins all-white matching monochromatic outfits.
2141	Everyone around the two is well aware that Agnes treats her sister cruelly, though rarely anyone steps in, fearing the wrath of Agnes (which is fairly valid).
2142	Everyone has the right to their own opinion, but if it's not an informed or experienced one then…
2143	Everyone in my old neighborhood wasn't a criminal.
2144	Everyone is just along for the ride, and it's a heck of a ride.
2145	"Everyone really enjoys it and there will definitely be a Great Walk in 2024."
2146	“Everyone said that Alabama would never start five Blacks,” Douglas said.
2147	"Everyone says you have to find a job you love and that's what I have done," he said.
2148	‘’Every person can become whoever they want, but never give up on hope and apply wisdom.
2149	Every player listed as questionable for New England was a limited participant on Friday, with the exception of McDermott, who did not practice all week.
2150	Every single seat.
2151	Every Sunday night, we had to quiet down and let my parents have the big TV in the family room so they could settle in and watch.
2152	Everything Everywhere All At Once is streaming via Showtime; available for rental on all digital/VOD platforms.
2153	Every time I go out right now, everybody asks me about the Jake Paul fight.
2154	Every time this guy talks he says something more foolish than the last time.
2155	“Every year of delay in expanding the transmission needed, especially for the projects that have been announced as of national significance, has a huge impact on the electricity prices,” she said.
2156	Evictions have also been on the rise, which can lead to homelessness for many families.
2157	Evidently looking for a challenge, a streamer has managed to complete while using a dance pad in an impressive feat of both foot coordination and mastery of the classic stealth title.
2158	Evidently, Mr. Maimrose had been involved in some classes at ECU where there were workers outside gathering up leaves with those dreaded leaf blowers.
2159	Exactly 1 special teams starter was cut…everyone else was a non-factor for the active roster.
2160	Exam anxiety leading to a sense of famous last words prior to being eaten by The Monster of Procrastination.
2161	Ex-Binance CEO asks judge to allow him to leave US ahead of sentencingthehill.
2162	Except, rather than entering user’s phone number during setup and logging in as usual, the user will instead tap a new “link to existing account” option.
2163	“EXCO also directed Benue youths to avail themselves to the Ministry of Youths, Sports and Creativity to be captured in its database for proper planning,” he said.
2164	Executives will join some 30,000 attendees at PDAC 2023 Convention in Toronto, Canada, from March 5 to 8, 2023, a world-renowned mineral exploration and mining event.
2165	Exercise acts as a drug; the pharmacological benefits of exercise.
2166	Ex-Kooty Rooster breaks neck in game: 'They said I was lucky I was walking again'
2167	Ex-model Amy Dorris accuses Trump of 1997 sexual assault: "He just shoved his tongue down my throat"
2168	Expect to see and hear it bandied about a shiat ton over the next few months, as that's the siren's call for financial type people that socialism is back on the menu and they would really like some taxpayer money please.
2169	“Experienced landlords have systems to make things run smoothly for tenants.”
2170	Experts are disgusted, the city silent.
2171	Experts reckon oarfish rising to the surface like this when dying are perhaps the source of several ancient sea serpent tales.
2172	Explaining further, he said, “The problem is that there are some private pre-gate operators who generate call-up tickets they don’t need for their private trucks to access the ports.
2173	Explicitly antithetical to the Hollywood style of filmmaking, Apichatpong Weerasethakul hopes that the audience does not enter the theater with expectations or logic.
2174	Ex-Premier League star Bridges ended his career Down Under and is now a football pundit in Australia.
2175	Extract from Doug Austin’s article “Deposition in Bad Faith Gets Thrown Out Over Failure to Meet and Confer”
2176	Extraction from one of the world's largest natural gas fields will end in October, the Dutch government announced Friday, June 23, 2023 turning off a lucrative tap that has also sparked unrest by causing a string of earthquakes.
2177	“Extra’s” Melvin Robert spoke with the couple on the red carpet, where they gushed over their baby boy Zane and reacted to the news that Julianne Hough will replace Tyra Banks as “Dancing with the Stars” co-host.
2178	Exxon Mobil Co. has a one year low of $95.66 and a one year high of $120.70.
2179	Ezra's willingness to liberate the galaxy, even at great cost to himself, showed his evolution into a selfless rebel hero.
2180	Fact Check: Is Doug Mackey going to jail for mocking Hillary Clinton?
2181	Fagan noted this week that ethics guidelines allow outside employment.
2182	Failure of an internet service provider to cooperate with law enforcement agencies shall constitute the crime of obstruction of justice,” Romualdez said.
2183	Fairfield Bush & CO. acquired a new stake in shares of Crown in the first quarter valued at about $143,000.
2184	Fairlie Bridge Club presented prizes to its big winners for 2023 in a special ceremony after another successful year.
2185	“Fair Play” is billed as an erotic thriller, and it’s hard to discern why.
2186	Falka tempts Ciri with the forbidden art of fire magic, and while Ciri resists her for a while, the potential loss of her unicorn companion sees her succumbing to its power.
2187	Familiar landmarks will illuminate in red as a tribute to heroes across the state, in each of three Louisiana Red Cross chapters.
2188	“Families are only finding out about it when it’s too late and they’ve lost people,” she says.
2189	Families of missing Franco-Israeli citizens urged French President Emmanuel Macron to help locate their missing relatives.
2190	Families with children won’t be disappointed either, as there will be a dedicated Kids Fun Zone featuring inflatables, face painting, games, including cornhole, and more.
2191	Family Caregiver Alliance, 69% of people who are 65 and older will eventually develop disabilities and 35% will spend time in a nursing home.
2192	Family flowers only, donations in memory of Joan if wished to the Alzheimer’s Society.
2193	Family flowers only please but donations in lieu of flowers would be welcome for Elim Church for which there will be a box at the entrance.
2194	Family flowers only please, donations in lieu may be made to Wales Air Ambulance c/o D.G.Attwell Funeral Directors, 95 Eaton Road, Brynhyfryd, Swansea SA5 9JH Tel.
2195	Fans have been instructed to seek shelter immediately.
2196	Fans of Doctor Strange can complete their magical garb with this detailed replica of the two-finger mystical ring used in the film.
2197	Fans thought Alice reminding him of Tia was due to endearment, but clues are dropped Jimmy didn't want to see her as she reminded him of the wife he possibly resented.
2198	Fans were also left struggling to understand why Brad Ihionvien did not even make the matchday squad even after travelling.
2199	Farm shops are a great way to access fresh, locally sourced produce directly from the farmers who grow it – this is where you can order a Christmas turkey and/or all the trimmings in Lancashire.
2200	Farrell and Bye were out with injuries Saturday for New England, as were Gustavo Bou and DeJuan Jones.
2201	Faster Withdrawal Processing: VIP players often benefit from expedited withdrawal processing times, allowing them to access their winnings more quickly.
2202	Fasts before exercise your body’s fat-burning potential and decrease total body fat percentage by inducing a faster rate of fat oxidation.
2203	Fatawu goes across to the left, with Yunus on the right.
2204	FAU would give the ball right back to ECU after FAU junior quarterback Daniel Richardson threw an interception to senior defensive back Julius Woods.
2205	"Favors for friends will get you in and get you far,"Shouldn't be about who it is you know / But about how good you are."
2206	Fayemi, el-Rufai, Onyeama, Makinde back to work after recovery from COVID-19 Almost six months after Nigeria confirmed its first coronavirus case, the country has recorded over 50,000 cases while over 40,000 cases have been discharged.
2207	FBS is now among Nigeria’s most widely used online trading platforms.
2208	FDA recently communicated to health care providers about the risks to patients exposed to xylazine in illicit drugs.
2209	“February’s revenue numbers confirm that our December forecast continues to accurately represent that we will have a multi-billion-dollar surplus,” said Governor Glenn Youngkin.
2210	Federal authorities used the once-obscure law to charge several associates of President Trump, including his former national security adviser, Michael T. Flynn, campaign manager Paul Manafort and inaugural committee chairman, Tom Barrack.
2211	FedEx Co. has a 52-week low of $162.61 and a 52-week high of $284.52.
2212	Feel confident investing with a lifetime subscription to Tykr Stock Screener Pro Plan(Opens in a new tab), on sale for just $119.99 for a limited time.
2213	Feinstein is the oldest U.S. senator currently serving, having held her seat since 1992.
2214	Ferguson touched down an awkward ball from Alexis Mac Allister and in seemingly one movement slotted the ball into the bottom corner.
2215	Ferreira and DeJulio have styled Rogen for the last 11 years and stated they saw a shift in the actor’s style during the press tour for his 2019 comedy “Long Shot,” which he starred in with Charlize Theron.
2216	Ferreira didn’t score against Canada, but cooly buried his shootout attempt and surely is determined to prove that he can score in a knockout stage game.
2217	‘Fever’ details the huge nationwide resurgence of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1920s, especially in the Midwest.
2218	Few artists have contributed to surrealism at large as much as Alejandro Jodorowsky.
2219	Few film genres are as uniformly breathless and gripping as the spy drama, and 2020’s is one of the best examples of the last decade.
2220	Fialkov said his organization and businesses don’t oppose Xcel Energy and utilities building EV chargers “on their own dime” or in areas where private businesses might not be willing to build.
2221	Field level cash margins were $34.42 per boe.
2222	Fields’ ability as a runner — he leads the team with 585 yards (5.6 average) — and the concern defenses have for him certainly are benefits for the offense.
2223	Fig.1: Image showing schematic of formalin detection in adulterated fish (left) and measurement of formalin present in an intentionally adulterated fish sample by metal oxide- rGO sensor.
2224	Fighter jets returned multiple times to the al-Furqan neighborhood, striking 450 targets in 24 hours, the Israeli military said.
2225	Figures published by the Government have revealed the area in that has the highest amount of smokers.
2226	FILE - Gov. J.B. Pritzker, D-Ill., addresses the crowd before President Joe Biden delivers remarks on the economy, Wednesday, June 28, 2023, at the Old Post Office in Chicago.
2227	FILE - New York City Mayor Eric Adams speaks during a news conference, Dec. 12, 2023, in New York.
2228	File photo of one of the city of L.A.’s six animal shelters.
2229	FILE - Vice President Kamala Harris addresses youth gathered on Black Star square in Accra, Ghana, Tuesday, March 28, 2023.
2230	Finally, AE Wealth Management LLC raised its position in shares of iShares Latin America 40 ETF by 8.2% in the 3rd quarter.
2231	Finally, a full body MRI revealed a mass on her pancreas, with a biopsy confirming it was cancerous.
2232	Finally, Allianz Asset Management GmbH boosted its holdings in Masco by 200.0% in the first quarter.
2233	Finally, Arrowstreet Capital Limited Partnership purchased a new stake in shares of Banco Santander-Chile in the first quarter worth about $7,510,000.
2234	Finally, Belpointe Asset Management LLC raised its holdings in shares of Sprott Physical Silver Trust by 1.6% in the 3rd quarter.
2235	Finally, Carlson Capital Management grew its holdings in Invesco QQQ by 1.6% during the first quarter.
2236	Finally, Cetera Investment Advisers purchased a new stake in Chimerix in the 1st quarter valued at approximately $77,000.
2237	Finally, Citigroup decreased their price target on Stryker from $342.00 to $330.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Monday, October 2nd.
2238	Finally, Citigroup lowered their price objective on Diamondback Energy from $170.00 to $157.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research report on Thursday, March 23rd.
2239	Finally, CoreFirst Bank & Trust increased its position in Medtronic by 4.2% in the third quarter.
2240	Finally, Cowen reduced their price objective on shares of AmerisourceBergen from $170.00 to $169.00 and set an “outperform” rating for the company in a research note on Tuesday, October 18th.
2241	Finally, Envestnet Asset Management Inc. acquired a new position in Dimensional Core Fixed Income ETF during the first quarter valued at approximately $26,701,000.
2242	Finally, Horizons Wealth Management bought a new stake in shares of Exxon Mobil during the second quarter worth about $41,000.
2243	Finally, Levin Capital Strategies L.P. lifted its stake in shares of Crown by 9,332.8% in the first quarter.
2244	Finally, Main Street Capital's continued success depends on the attraction and retention of key personnel.
2245	Finally, Marc ended the video by saying, “It made me proud somehow.”
2246	Finally, Needham & Company LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and issued a $180.00 price target on shares of CyberArk Software in a research note on Friday, February 10th.
2247	Finally, Nigeria’s Ekanem Nkpi Braide credited with the eradication of guinea worm in Nigeria.
2248	Finally, Oppenheimer boosted their price objective on shares of Etsy from $150.00 to $155.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd.
2249	Finally, Optiver Holding B.V. raised its stake in MorphoSys by 292.8% in the fourth quarter.
2250	Finally, Rise Advisors LLC acquired a new position in shares of iShares Core S&P U.S. Growth ETF in the 4th quarter valued at approximately $33,000.
2251	Finally, Robert W. Baird upgraded shares of Xylem from a “neutral” rating to an “outperform” rating and increased their price objective for the company from $122.00 to $135.00 in a research note on Wednesday, May 31st.
2252	Finally, State Street Corp lifted its stake in shares of Trip.com Group by 5.9% during the 2nd quarter.
2253	Finally, Steward Partners Investment Advisory LLC purchased a new position in shares of Adams Diversified Equity Fund in the first quarter valued at approximately $84,000.
2254	Finally, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. boosted its stake in shares of Cincinnati Financial by 0.9% in the third quarter.
2255	Finally, the company is exposed to risks due to operating in international markets, price fluctuations in transportation and the acquisition of raw materials, and other current risks such as risks related to its total amount of debt.
2256	Finally, TheStreet lowered Chico’s FAS from a “b-” rating to a “c” rating in a research note on Tuesday, November 22nd.
2257	Finally, Twin Lakes Capital Management LLC grew its stake in shares of L3Harris Technologies by 0.4% in the second quarter.
2258	Finally, upgraded shares of Toro from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a research note on Friday, January 13th.
2259	Finally, user provisioning software can help you meet regulatory compliance requirements by ensuring that all your systems are compliant with applicable regulations such as GDPR or HIPAA.
2260	Finally, Verition Fund Management LLC bought a new stake in shares of Upland Software during the third quarter valued at approximately $89,000.
2261	Finally watched '47 Meters Down: Uncaged' last night.
2262	Finally, William Blair began coverage on AbbVie in a report on Tuesday, July 25th.
2263	Finance ministry estimates suggested the annual growth rate in public-sector productivity needed to be 0.5 percentage points higher to stabilise Britain's tax burden, he added.
2264	"Finchem’s expert report identified 80,000 potentially 'missing votes.'
2265	Find more information on hamiltongallery.
2266	Finn challenged Cody because even one victory against Cody might go a long way to restoring some of what Finn believes he lost.
2267	Fiona stayed true to herself as a musician and didn’t sign a deal until the right one came along.
2268	Fire activity is expected to increase.
2269	Fire authorities have said for years that they have made significant improvements in how they respond to fire emergencies.
2270	Fire mixes with gasoline as one of the hardest-hitting teams in the bigs hosts one of the most combustible arms.
2271	Fire officials issued an evacuation order for the area south of Craig Avenue, east of Murrieta Road/English Court, north of Wickerd Road and west of Huan Road.
2272	Fireworks in Cork harbour celebrating St. Patrick's day in Cobh.
2273	First Horizon Advisors Inc. purchased a new stake in shares of Integra LifeSciences in the 2nd quarter valued at approximately $54,000.
2274	First Horizon is another regional bank with a long history.
2275	First, if, having considered my reasoning, those who represent the defendants consider that there are any grounds to appeal or seek a review of my decision, they would be able to take urgent steps to pursue such a course.
2276	First launched in 2021, OpenAI introduced its third iteration earlier this year.
2277	Firstly, one of the key benefits of the India-Bangladesh Friendship Pipeline is that it will provide Bangladesh with a reliable source of natural gas, which is a cleaner and more efficient energy source compared to other fossil fuels like coal and oil.
2278	First of all, it is remarkably effective against eczema, neurodermatitis, psoriasis, arthritis, muscular and osseous diseases and neuralgia.
2279	“First one that comes to mind,” Klauke says.
2280	First PREMIER Bank acquired a new stake in Travelers Companies during the 3rd quarter worth approximately $26,000.
2281	First, Rep. Rashida Tlaib, a Muslim woman, has kept all her committee assignments, despite spreading misinformation about both the Holocaust and Palestinians.
2282	First Republic Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in NetEase were worth $533,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
2283	First, the legal basics: a criminal conspiracy comprises two parts: (1) an agreement among conspirators (2) to accomplish a criminal object.
2284	“First-timers hoping prices and competition are more manageable than they have been over the last few years, and returning buyers who took a break after losing out on multiple homes during the pandemic bidding-war frenzy.”
2285	"First time watching this.
2286	First to be alerted, at 11am on Friday (June 9) was nearby fire station.
2287	First Trust Advisors LP’s holdings in Plains All American Pipeline were worth $3,123,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
2288	First up in the semis was Cassella, who fought a close match against his No. 8 ranked Cornell opponent, holding it to sudden victory.
2289	First, when the Fed Funds Effective rate (in blue) surges to a peak (usually topping out above the unemployment rate in red), we nearly always see a related jump in the unemployment rate in the ensuing months.
2290	Fishery bosses have been preparing for life after the route arrives.
2291	Fitting right in is this Mumbai-based design studio’s minimalistic design — featuring soft textures, neutral tones and organic shapes — which draws the eye with its playful curves.
2292	Five days after his return, he and two others were involved in the mistaken identity murder of 20-year-old Joseph Williams-Torres, who was shot dead as he sat in a van with a friend in March 2018.
2293	Five other people were taken to the hospital in unknown conditions.
2294	Fixed an issue where casting Boulder on the edge of the suppressor field generated by Elites would instantly destroy the boulder.
2295	Flavours of South Africa, located at a private address in the NG5 area, last inspected on 11 October 2021.
2296	Flights appear to be scheduled every three or four days, largely on weekends.
2297	Flooding in Western and Northern provinces.
2298	Fluor’s 40,000 employees provide professional and technical solutions that deliver safe, well-executed, capital-efficient projects to clients around the world.
2299	FND has been the subject of a number of other research reports.
2300	Focusing on the year ahead, China Highlights' astrologers said: "Rats, among the 12 zodiac signs, your sign, the Rat, is first and the Rabbit is fourth, and the first and fourth branches tend to overcome each other.
2301	Following a recent visit MP Steve Brine said: “Everyone in Winchester will know about the City Mill, but even though we pass it everyday when was the last time you popped in?
2302	"Following his impressive televised debate performance, it's clear Mr. Bush got under somebody's skin.
2303	Following its premiere, the film shot to the number one spot on Netflix's Global Top 10 non-English-language titles with over 34 million views during its first week, staying in the top 10 for 12 weeks.
2304	Following Madrid winger Vinicius Junior's spectacular goal in the first half, the midfielder scored in the 67th minute.
2305	Following the advice could lead to an average weight gain of 2st 5lb per year.
2306	Following the completion of the sale, the chief executive officer now owns 81,738 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $2,983,437.
2307	Following the completion of the transaction, the director now owns 11,200 shares in the company, valued at approximately $1,156,176.
2308	Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 1,671 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $59,069.85.
2309	Following the damage assessment, a team from the Maui Ocean Center Marine Institute collected more than 100 fragments of damaged coral and plans to recover additional fragments soon.
2310	Following the death of longtime “Jeopardy!” host Alex Trebek in late 2020, Jennings served as the inaugural guest host of the show.
2311	Following their exits, ’s new creative team decided not to complete the script for “Rangers in Concert” and instead develop new episodes from scratch.
2312	Following the review, all senior party leaders will lead padayatras in areas assigned to them in the state.
2313	Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 75,730 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,137,857.90.
2314	Following the second phase of Tech4Good regional competition in Dubai, UAE, the winners will then qualify to compete in the final global competition in China against other teams from around the world.
2315	Following the success of her debut, and her brief appearance in The Book of Boba Fett - was quickly greenlit.
2316	Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 54,036 shares in the company, valued at approximately $27,020,161.44.
2317	Follow the Chamber on social media to keep up on all their upcoming events.
2318	Foodies visiting the city, which recently achieved Purple Flag status for its safe and vibrant evening and night-time economy, can enjoy a diverse range of eateries from both independent and national brands restaurants, bars and cafes.
2319	Footage captured her strolling past the café while clutching a cardboard box shortly before the explosion.
2320	Footage showed passengers filing out of the plane and into the terminal before a few dozen staff and officials posed for photographs in a brief ceremony on the tarmac.
2321	For £99.99, you can add this gazebo to your basket.
2322	For 2022 vintages, expect subtlety as it was a year where colorations remained light due to thicker skins.
2323	For a-fish-anados, why stop at Fridays when it comes to early spring fish fries?
2324	“For a five credit class, you’re only supposed to be spending 10 hours outside of class to do this work,” the second anonymous student said.
2325	“For all of the genius production masterminded tonight by her creative director, the renowned producer Stuart Price, there are sections of the show that feel overwrought and, at one point, entirely misguided.
2326	For an extra €45, travellers can book a place in a so-called Only Adult zone at the front of the plane where a curtain will separate them from any crying babies or noisy toddlers.
2327	For as long as I can remember, my goal to become a sports writer remained the same.
2328	For a team that has taken its losses hard this season, Nuggets players — even Malone — were intent on pivoting into the next game and using the ugly loss as a learning experience.
2329	For B.C. as a whole, the crime severity index has gone up.
2330	For best storage, leave the stems attached to the garlic heads and let them cure for a couple of weeks in the garage or other cool, outdoor space.
2331	'For Christmas he wanted an octopus, so I got him a taxidermy one.
2332	“For Congressman John Lewis, Hosea Williams, and the 40 martyrs memorialized on these grounds and the countless others who’s lives were taken for equality, it is our responsibility to keep fighting,” Williams said in closing.
2333	Ford defended this practice during the press conference, saying: "I know that that is my face.
2334	Ford fell once he got to the ring steps, so the door remained open.
2335	For Dorothy Giles, she is now reminded of that every day she leaves her home in Sag Harbor.
2336	Forest will be hoping that he will still be at the club when he inevitably returns to his best amid transfer speculation linking him with a move to Brentford.
2337	For EV adoption to move into the next, “Early Majority” stage, risks have to be minimized, familiarity is important and practicality made paramount.
2338	For example, each company's main streaming service -- Paramount+ and Max -- could merge to better rival Netflix and Disney+.
2339	For example, I avoided the gym membership purely on financial grounds to date but I think it would now really help in the overall health goals.
2340	For example, if we ever went to the caravan or went camping, he would bring all the family along too."
2341	For example, it is equipped with a mechanical left arm that is available in different variants and comes with different features.
2342	For example, it is reasonable for beach users to expect to be able to enjoy the beach all year round unmolested by dogs.
2343	For example, my article explains how you can transition your career into the artificial intelligence industry.
2344	For example, nominees will read reviews and appear on The Letterboxd Show podcast as well as Oscar-themed “Showdowns” which are user-made movie competitions.
2345	For example, the ban on exports of wheat or the 20 per cent export tax on rice, the suspension of several commodities from the futures markets, and the imposition of stocking limits on certain commodities from time to time.
2346	For example, we find that conservatives are more persuaded by a same-sex marriage appeal articulated in terms of group loyalty and patriotism, rather than equality and social justice.
2347	For example, when cool fall weather hit South Dakota, it triggered hordes of vest-wearing guys and gals to flock to their local coffee establishments for pumpkin spiced everything, an instant mood-improver.
2348	For excess speed, Curry was given three penalty points and an £80 fine.
2349	Forex traders have reported that the rate hovers between N1,035 and N1,045 to the dollar, indicating an escalation in scarcity.
2350	“For health systems, we are integrated into their digital front door, and very often they roll out Ada as part of a digital front door initiative.
2351	For her, the lure of porting over all her followers with a few taps was too compelling to resist — even though she’s wary of needing to post to yet another app.
2352	For instance, a military officer has the power to arrest a person if he has “reasonable grounds to believe (a person) has committed an offence”.
2353	For instance, a video of a bull swimming in a lake in Punakha went viral creating so much confusion and debate among the netizens.
2354	For instance, if January is a bit tight, you can push the start date to February.
2355	For instance, suppose a Tier 1 analyst wishes to advance to a Tier 2 SOC analyst or threat hunter but lacks the requisite skills.
2356	For international destinations, we witnessed steady recovery for short haul tourist destinations across Southeast Asia of Maldives and Middle East due to tourism demand.
2357	For Ireland, the consequences are obvious: U.S. multinationals operating in the EU will be forced to divide some of their sales by member state, thus significantly reducing the amount of sales and profits that can be “booked” through Ireland.
2358	For K-pop fans, the groups they idolize give them a certain amount of unexplainable delight and solace.
2359	For LGBTQ Alaskans, it’s long overdue.
2360	For many Arabs and Muslims under 35, this is not your parents’ Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
2361	For many, the experience of completing a marathon has two different stages.
2362	For many, these images only ever remain a dream.
2363	Former British opposition leader Jeremy Corbyn and member of Parliament for Islington also took part in the rally and demanded a ceasefire.
2364	Former Councilman Jose Moreno said Vanderpool once told him, “Part of my job is to make you guys look good and to implement the vision of the body.”
2365	Former Huston-Tillotson University president and CEO Colette Pierce Burnette left the ATP board in May.
2366	Former Kentucky All-American Mike Pratt’s jersey is now hanging in the rafters at Rupp Arena.
2367	Former mafia hitman Freddy Geas and Massachusetts gangster Paul DeCologero allegedly beat Bulger to death shortly after arriving at the Hazelton federal prison in Preston County.
2368	Former Manchester United midfielder, Owen Hargreaves believes Napoli missed Victor Osimhen in their 1-0 defeat to AC Milan on Wednesday.
2369	Former Minister of Natural Resources, Robert Persaud (now Foreign Secretary) and former President Donald Ramotar were two former officials who took the spotlight when this issue emerged in 2019.
2370	Former Speaker, House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara has commended the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) for seamless conduct of the Governorship and State Assembly election.
2371	Former Trump lawyer Jenna Ellis is a co-defendant in his Georgia election interference case.
2372	For me, simple, beautifully cooked food has this magical way of bringing people together, creating special moments and lasting connections that go beyond the dining table.
2373	For me, the Nakba is not an anniversary, it’s an everyday occurrence, being exiled in a different new home and it being so difficult to go back to the one I knew.
2374	For millions in Afghanistan, WFP’s food assistance is now the “last lifeline”.
2375	For more information about the property, on the market for $5,795,000, contact Jennifer Rothstein and Susan Rothstein of Hammond Residential Real Estate, 617-699-5217.
2376	For more information on City Reach Community Center- events, facility usage, or how to become a partner – contact Adams at 704-695-2879.
2377	For more information, see https://www.
2378	For more on the event this weekend, make sure to click the link above.
2379	For my 45 minute cycle into work, I pop in a solo headphone and one of my beloved playlists on a low volume.
2380	For now, at least, Zoom is no longer using user content to train its AI models.
2381	For one, after getting crushed over the last year, CEO Anthony Noto just bought another 1.13 million shares for about $5 million.
2382	For one, people who don’t fully understand the terms but see them on their social media feeds might be more likely to weaponize them in relationships to create a power dynamic.
2383	For other tournaments, Charmander and Charmeleon cards were given out to participants as well.
2384	For Runway ASIA, it was clear that the best approach was for the models themselves to answer these questions.
2385	For safe passage of wild animals through the stretch, a 160-metre and another 80-metre animal underpasses have also been constructed.
2386	For Sammi Dance, her performance was slower than usual.
2387	For Sarmiento, he and his team started with 60 Downy ideas.
2388	"For Sinéad, our sister, was always ahead of her time, love and human compassion perhaps her only crime.
2389	For starters, being in Boston allows him more access to data that the pair would need in their investigation.
2390	FortCollinsTrolley.org for more information.
2391	For the Allied powers, Malta’s strategic value was important enough for the British to risk many merchant ships and warships to supply the island and thereby thwart the determined efforts by the Axis powers to neutralise the islands.
2392	For the ANC, it might be the first time they dip below the 50% mark in the polls and for the Democratic Alliance (DA), it might be the first time they stand a chance of constituting a national government without the ANC.
2393	For their first date, they enjoyed a performance of Dirty Dancing: The Musical after Hayley asked Mark if he'd like to join her to see the West End show.
2394	For their night out, Selena kept it casual by wearing a black sweatshirt and sweatpants, while Drew wore a long-sleeved shirt and pants.
2395	For the next few weeks, candidates and municipalities will work to shape the election landscape this May.
2396	For the record, France won 4-0 and now play the Aussies in Sydney on Saturday in what’s certain to be ratings behemoth.
2397	For the remaining homeowners, the upfront cost can be off-putting, or their rooftop may not be suitable.
2398	For the sake of space, I can’t go into all the details, but as I have mentioned before, I came to a time in my Christian walk where I made a heart decision to become a disciple of the Lord Jesus Christ, not just “saved and stuck.”
2399	For these patients, the long Covid label doesn't help them, because they fall into a spiral of helplessness without tackling the underlying problems.
2400	For this reason, ransomware has become the tool of choice for targeting HDOs.
2401	For those keen to build energy projects, the declaration is a step forward.
2402	For those looking for a bow with a bit more reliable durability, the Savage Lynel Bow is a solid choice.
2403	For those that like to support local, small business, this is a fashionable way to show off your love for Italian design.
2404	Fort Smith’s 1% street tax – used for maintenance and new construction on streets, bridges and drainage – reported $2.491 million in May, up 6.76% from the $2.333 million reported in May 2022.
2405	FORT ST. JOHN, B.C. â€” Fort St. John, Taylor and Chetwynd are receiving funding for active transportation.
2406	Fortunately, Homer is prepared with some great advice for anyone who is feeling guilty about sneaking out of their obligations.
2407	Fortun is also asking for prayers.
2408	Forty years for me to get what I should’ve already got.
2409	For urban education?
2410	For us to be able to just trust each other, like you said, that first scene we had together—we never rehearsed it or talked too much about it.
2411	For visitors who do travel by car, Pod Point charging points for electric vehicles are accessible, and designed to support a low-carbon future.
2412	For weeks, since early January, the Utes, who have captured back-to-back league titles, have been participating in winter conditioning.
2413	For years, many talented lawyers have opted out of the traditional law firm path and pursued an in-house career.
2414	For years, the Gophers have been defensively solid and their attack has demanded respect, but they haven’t been able to finish better than mid-table in the Big Ten.
2415	Founder David Ferrier is currently working with salvaged timber to create an outdoor oasis for Olinda Primary School students upon their return in term two.
2416	Four £5 cocktails were being served, including the Chairman’s Peach Iced Tea, Hot in Havana, Liquid Gold, and the Cha Cha Slide.
2417	FOUR days of celebrations are planned for the coronation in North Ayrshire this May with pubs and clubs being invited to apply for extended hours as revellers let their hair down.
2418	Four-door versions ride the best thanks to their longer wheelbases, though even a base Cooper is comfy enough for all but the worst roads.
2419	Four Journeyman Tailors wanted; good hand may have regular work.
2420	Four judges had been offered contracts: Craig Revel Horwood, Arlene Phillips, Bruno Tonioli, and a well-known figure from the world of dance.
2421	Four minutes after the interval and Rampersad neatly flicked home from close range after Levi Garcia did good work on the right to cross for him.
2422	Four more would follow.
2423	Four steals and six assists rounded out her impressive performance.
2424	Fourth-seeded Metea Valley (21-9) and second-seeded Wheaton Warrenville South (26-5), which eliminated Benet in the sectionals semifinals last year, are likely sectional foes.
2425	Four were executed.
2426	Four years later, they were still claiming that Donald Trump had won the 2016 election only by enlisting the aid of the Russians — as an “asset” and puppet of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
2427	Fox News host Tucker Carlson blasted Democrats for waging an “open war with nature” Tuesday, citing climate change and transgenderism as instances where they ignore “physical reality.”
2428	Fox News story by Houston Keene, holding the vote is part of the deal that got the Freedom Caucus to agree to Kevin McCarthy becoming speaker.
2429	Fox News was the first major network to call Arizona for Joe Biden, which ultimately turned out to be the correct call.
2430	FRAKES: I think the finale is quite stunning, frankly.
2431	France has helped lead the EU effort against Russian disinformation.
2432	France reiterated its call for ''the re-establishment of the democratic institutions of Niger,'' the ministry said.
2433	Francis, Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby and the Church of Scotland Moderator Iain Greenshields will meet people displaced by war and hear their stories later on Saturday.
2434	Fraudsters launch their attack when the owner of the email account can’t be easily contacted by email or by phone.
2435	Fred Rau trustee sold property at 17 Charlemma Ct to Evan and Teri Rigas for $179,900.
2436	Free 24-hour helpline for women who have experienced domestic abuse and violence, with all female advisors - nationaldahelpline.
2437	Freedom of speech is vital to limited government because it is crucial to protecting a private sphere from governmental action.
2438	Free refills of coffee or tea are an imperative for some, whilst internet wars can break out if you don’t know that soda bread distinguishes the Irish from the English version.
2439	Fremantle's poor start against Sydney also means they have now lost 20 of their past 22 opening quarters.
2440	Fremont County Sheriff's Department: Woman arrested for third degree assault, domestic violence.
2441	French media reported that the student, born in 2007, said he heard voices telling him to kill the 53-year-old teacher of Spanish at the private Catholic school in Saint-Jean-de-Luz.
2442	French military spokesman Colonel Pierre Gaudilliere on Thursday warned that “the French military forces are ready to respond to any upturn in tension that could harm French diplomatic and military premises in Niger”.
2443	Fresh Thyme Market in Cleveland, Ohio, has also recently implemented self-checkout kiosks, with employees standing by to help customers with anything they may need while they ring up their items.
2444	• Fresh water supply must always be made available when feeding; more water is required when serving dry dog food.
2445	Friend Pete Cawley has started a to support Adrian and his wife Jo, who is caring for him.
2446	Friends have suggested that he could work behind the desk at a hotel, but that sounds too complicated to Samuel.
2447	From 2019 onward, the U.S. government Guaidó as the “interim president of Venezuela.”
2448	From archery trials to chibi makeovers, this art trend has done it all, and the viral campaign has given Miyazaki's movie some much-wanted marketing.
2449	From a six-foot pile, the prince plucked a shell and rubbed it between his fingers, as if contemplating its potential.
2450	From breakfast favourites like croissants and Nutella, to the sneakily spelled macaron and crêpe, here, we reveal 10 dessert names you've been pronouncing all wrong - according to Preply.
2451	From early 2020 to date, we have had numerous lessons that must be learned if air transport is to continue in a safe and orderly manner in 2023.
2452	“From farmland to food production companies, the growing trend in foreign investment in America’s food supply chain rightly has many Americans concerned.
2453	From fenugreek lentil porridge to tea and sprout salad, you can add fenugreek seeds into your diet to reap its health benefits.
2454	From her coffee counter in La Cocina Municipal Marketplace, Santana Tapia has a clear line of sight into every gloomy prediction that has hit since the rise of the Covid pandemic.
2455	From left: Katie McLellan, Madi Young, Shannon Cain and Nic Gillespie at the bike valet for the Memorial Cup in Kamloops.
2456	From London's Southbank to Berlin's street art - are these the coolest capitals in Europe?
2457	From November 2022 to November 2023, the company found that 170,000 Penalty Charge Notices were issued to motorists for pavement in the capital alone.
2458	From re-enacting battles from the movies or creating unique scenarios, offers the most immersive combat experience in video games.
2459	From renowned TV faces to top-notch B-town celebs were under one roof as they attended the bash.
2460	From romance and heart-to-hearts to betrayal, bombshells, and broken hearts, there’s never a dull moment in the ultimate search for love.
2461	From the ADL’s vantage point, one could not rely on the government entities that were by law and by design supposed to protect Jewish Americans.
2462	From the brand side, Cyndi Ramirez-Fulton, the founder of Chillhouse, said: “I am so excited to be a part of this exclusive beauty and wellness retailer that functions as a platform to connect consumers to their roots, their heritage, their home.”
2463	From then on Philip and Elizabeth took a much greater interest in each other's lives and activities, and as Marion Crawford noted the Christmas of 1943 was a very definite turning point for the young couple.
2464	From the playful and energetic Siamese to the calm and affectionate Ragdoll, there’s a breed for every personality.
2465	From the primal squeals he makes, you’d think this was his first HJ.
2466	From the week starting November 20, entry to the undercover carpark will be patrolled by Marvasti Security.
2467	From top to down: Capture fallen dust by vacuuming from top to bottom.
2468	From what I understand, they’ve already bumped into a Vineyard connection.
2469	From ‘world’ famous dad, Adeyemi Afolayan, known popularly as Ade Love; to mothers, aunties and renowned siblings, they all make the front row when it comes to the thespian profession.
2470	FRONT ELEVATION drawing by Alderman Planning for 24-townhome project known as Tract E of Naturewalk at Seagrove.
2471	Front Street Capital Management Inc. now owns 5,168 shares of the biopharmaceutical company’s stock worth $268,000 after purchasing an additional 215 shares in the last quarter.
2472	Fulgence Kayishema, one of the fugitives wanted for their role in the 1994 Genocide against the Tutsi, has been arrested in Paarl, South Africa, according to the International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals (IRMCT).
2473	“Full credit to the joint-management and the players.
2474	Funder’s Orwell is a portrait of the artist as seen through the eyes of his wife, Eileen O’Shaughnessy, who was largely written out of Orwell studies until the discovery of a small cache of letters in 2005.
2475	Funds are raised from member donations, and various fundraisers throughout the year.
2476	Funeral director left 31 decomposing bodies to rot in unrefrigerated 'body bags'
2477	Funeral services will be held Wednesday, May 24, 11 a.m., at Daisy United Methodist Church, Daisy, Gs.
2478	Further, after realizing the superhuman knowledge of pharmaceuticals he possesses, Reiji decides to open a drugstore and attend to various people’s needs.
2479	Furthermore, if Shane was still around, he would hinder their chances of survival based on his unhinged behavior.
2480	Furthermore, Lupin's abilities as a master of disguise and lock-picking would make him a valuable asset to the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen.
2481	Furthermore, the land was privately owned, and “There was no federal funding and ostensibly no requirement for federal permits that would have triggered compliance under Sec. 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act of 1966,” Righter wrote.
2482	Further points from Patrick Fitzgerald (2), Conor Sheahan, Dessie Hutchinson (2), Kevin Mahony, Pauric Mahony and Mikey Mahony saw the Gunners lead by 1-12 to 0-6 at half-time.
2483	Future Wests Tigers head coach Benji Marshall has informed new recruitment boss Scott Fulton that he is not interested in making a bold play for rising Manly playmaker Josh Schuster.
2484	G20 Leaders’ Summit: Spouses of participating G20 Head of States visit special…
2485	Gaal and Salvor eventually meet because of the show's time travel storyline and Gaal entering cryostasis for decades.
2486	Gabriel ran for a pair of 2-yard touchdowns in the first quarter to help the Sooners take a 14-7 lead.
2487	GAC bears watching, particularly if there is a market correction.
2488	Gail praised St George’s for their “impeccable service” and claimed that during the treatment, she received a call from Dunedin Hospital asking her to visit for scans ahead of her specialist appointment there.
2489	Gains were seen in electrical equipment increased and automotive production, while declines were registered in the output of computers, electronics and optical equipment as well as of food, drinks and tobacco.
2490	Galban said an important part of the collaboration meant ensuring the belts be accessible to the nations who made them, which is why they were brought to the Seneca Art and Culture Center earlier this year.
2491	Galtier said he hoped French fans would give Messi a similar reception.
2492	Gannett has also tied executive bonuses and promotions to success meeting the goals outlined in the policy, according to the lawsuit.
2493	Gap gave us the global presence that allowed us to have the breakout and I can’t wait for the next generation to be a part of this movement.”
2494	Garcia confirmed the 37-year-old forward would also miss the league game against Al Shabab and make his debut against Ettifaq on Jan.
2495	García is the godfather to Arozarena’s daughter, and the two jumped into each other’s arms during warmups.
2496	Gardaí also seized two vehicles as part of the search.
2497	Gardner-Fernandez moved the twins to a six-bedroom, four-bathroom house in the Tri-Cities area of southeastern Washington, Fox said.
2498	Gary Kirsten, the side’s batting coach and mentor, was left in awe of Gill’s growth as a T20 opener in the last 12 months and stated that the next target for him is to see how the right-handed batter can have an impactful presence in matches.
2499	Gary spoke about why his restaurant offered the challenges.
2500	Gavin Hunt savours victory over Kaizer Chiefs: ‘3 points never tasted so sweet’
2501	Genco, Glaser and Lee all praised Monaco’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which has impacted Tufts for nearly a quarter of the president’s tenure.
2502	Generation Z, often called Gen Z or Zoomers, comprises individuals born after 1997, according to the Pew Research Center.
2503	GENEVA: Human Rights Watch expects the United Nations to follow up on a report which found that China's detention of Uyghurs and other Muslims may constitute crimes against humanity, its acting executive director said on Monday (Feb 13).
2504	Genevieve Clarke, the centre’s program director, said the general idea is to give a parent a break in order to get some small tasks done.
2505	“Genuinely, I’m thinking about it myself, and it doesn’t even occur to me to go dig up older things,” she said.
2506	Genvid and Skybound created The Walking Dead: Last Mile.
2507	Georgia Southern opens the 2024 season at home against Boise State on Aug. 31.
2508	Gerald Gouriet KC, representing the Met Police, said the full extent of the injuries caused by the crush is still unknown.
2509	German DAX is up 1.8%.
2510	Germany's top court last week said Prime Minister Olaf Scholz's government had broken the constitutional debt rule by transferring money earmarked for pandemic support to a fund to fight climate change.
2511	‘Get ready for us’: Wagner fighters send chilling revenge message to…
2512	Get ready to pay around 8% interest on that mortgage.
2513	Getting an abortion has long been extremely difficult for like Matson.
2514	"Getting as much knowledge around the reef, where to sit, positioning, what to do, which waves to identify, which waves to go for, which ones not to go for.
2515	"Getting people to put down their guns?
2516	Getting the reigning NFL Defensive Player of the Year in Bosa right off the bat, and then DPOY candidates year after year in Garrett and Crosby is as tough of a stretch as an offensive linemen could face in a season, let alone starting one’s career.
2517	Getting to see the colors of Augusta National after a Wisconsin winter is always special, even after 30 years of covering the tourney.
2518	Getting well versed in the analytics of it all is the only way to become top of the game in terms of trading.
2519	GHE LLC raised its stake in shares of Lowe’s Companies by 0.5% in the second quarter.
2520	Giddings, acknowledging a professional respect for Nargeolet, said his presence was the only reason he would have considered traveling in the sub.
2521	Giddins is now able to ride his bikes again.
2522	Girls with ADHD are typically diagnosed five years later than boys.
2523	Giudice feels grateful there is “not even a dent” in their marriage.
2524	“Give it to President Buhari.
2525	Given that the is still a few months away, players have time to deliberate about which edition they are willing to shell out for.
2526	Given the improvements in design and performance, though, we don’t consider it a legitimate competitor to the MacBook Air 15, so we’ll leave it out of this comparison.
2527	Given the Ravens’ upcoming fixtures, particularly the one against Pittsburgh, it wouldn’t be surprising if they faced their first loss of the season.
2528	Give them a copy, along with additional books to pass on to others involved in their lives.
2529	“Give yourself plenty of time to get to the start,” says Alice Ball, who is running her seventh marathon in London this year, “that includes enough time for one final trip to the portaloo before you have to be in your pen.
2530	Giving coaches and players 25 percent of the vote each balances out some of these fan biases.
2531	Glass frogs also exist that have divots in a chunk of glass where a stem can be lodged.
2532	Glenys Kinnock MEP attends a press conference to launch a pamphlet called Zimbabwe on the Brink, in London, Feb. 18, 2003.
2533	Goals from Bethany Vickers and Jade Nelson (2) made for another close result but it was another 4–3 loss for Avenue.
2534	God chooses the time and place of victory; we do not.
2535	God of High School is set around a fighting tournament.
2536	God of War Ragnarök offers many unique challenges in the game and some tough bosses to go up against.
2537	“God’s companionship does not stop at the door of a jail cell,” King later said of how he wrote it.
2538	Go for a vibrant and eye-catching design that reflects your personality and stands out on the road.
2539	Go hunker down in their private law offices if they want, or chase ambulances, but stay out of the Statehouse.
2540	“Going ahead 18300–18350 shall act as a stiff resistance.
2541	Good afternoon and thank you for joining us for the Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage first quarter fiscal year 2023 earnings conference call.
2542	Good afternoon, and welcome to VIZIO's Q3 2022 earnings call.
2543	Good Food said: "Cook this recipe inspired by saag paneer in just 30 minutes.
2544	Good Friday Service will take place at 7 p.m. Friday, April 7 at Journey Christian Church, 4754 W. 31st St., Greeley.
2545	“Good morning!” he beamed to Liverpool media staff as he arrived at the AXA Training centre, before kissing the camera as he walked past.
2546	Good music all the way around.”
2547	Google Ads is testing AI-generated help guides.
2548	GOP candidates' views on abortion are likely top of mind for evangelicals in Iowa, a critical bloc in the early-voting state in the 2024 primary.
2549	Gordon said: "There was a growing demand for fruit flavoured gins and while most are made using fruit syrup, our orange and raspberry gins are made by soaking the fruit in Badachro Gin.
2550	Gordon was identifying an aspect of what made the Nuggets’ starters so cohesive at sharing the floor en route to the championship last season.
2551	Government through the Ministry of Natural Resources and Climate Change has warned against the conduct of some people who are encroaching into protected forest reserves and plantations across the country.
2552	Governor Newsom is classifying those men as cults to discredit them.
2553	Go work at a regular bar, you know, the ones where the name does not begin with “Cigar”.
2554	Grab a bike from the hotel to use during your stay for a spin around town or on the beach (hard sand only!
2555	Graphically, the game is beautiful, but at the cost of occasionally noticeable texture loading and asset pop-ins when the game is loading a new area.
2556	Grappling with such devastating news, anyone would forgive the 59-year-old mum-of-two from Orkney for falling into deep despair.
2557	Greater Khartoum and the flashpoint western region of Darfur have been the main battlegrounds so far but this week residents reported a flare-up of fighting in the Kordofan region, scene of another long-running rebellion.
2558	Great moments in NCAA Tournament history were matched up with some of the most memorable announcing calls in sports.
2559	'Great start to Comic Relief they've got this sketch where they broadcast exactly what's on BBC2,' someone else complained.
2560	Greene, alongside other House Oversight Committee members, viewed a redacted version of an FBI FD-1023 form, where an informant allegedly detailed how Zlochevsky spoke to him about making a $10 million bribe to the Bidens, Greene said.
2561	Greene sent Taurus into the ringpost and then took down Taurus with a lariat.
2562	Greenhouse gases are emitted largely by human activities.
2563	Green Party of Manitoba as their new leader.
2564	Green’s absence comes with the Warriors already in a spot of early season trouble.
2565	Green tea on its own is the best version.
2566	Greenville hosts one and Seattle the other.
2567	Greenwood has stated his desire to return to his career and put the experience behind him.
2568	Gregor Miesbach, who filmed the gunman shooting through a first-floor window, told the Bild newspaper: "I didn't realise what was happening.
2569	Grimes is suing ex Elon Musk for parental rights over their three children.
2570	Growing up in St. Augustine, Florida, Woodside began his career in NYC while attending The School of Visual Arts in the early 2000s.
2571	Growing up in Tsolo, Eastern Cape, says there was a consensus in his family that the arts was where he would thrive.
2572	Grow your first plant program at 4 pm – Celebrate the quick growing plant.
2573	GSA Capital Partners LLP bought a new stake in Royal Gold during the 4th quarter valued at about $274,000.
2574	Guess how much of the residents’ salary goes toward the program.
2575	Guests enjoyed a premiere of the music video followed by a live performance from the band and a comedy show by Gary Skyner.
2576	Guggenheim increased their target price on Merck & Co., Inc. from $123.00 to $124.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, April 11th.
2577	Gunships give chase, but Beq evades them with some nimble piloting into and out of a train tunnel.
2578	Gurjit Kaur (13th minute) and Sangita Kumari (14th) scored a goal each for India, while Sara Barrios Navarro (2nd), Patricia Alvarez Nardiz (30th) and Julia Strappato Garreta (53rd) were on target for Spain.
2579	Gwent Police said the woman was confirmed dead at the scene and her family were being supported.
2580	Gwyn went Hollow, Vendrick went hollow, and Oceiros went insane trying to become a dragon.
2581	Haag faces a sentence of up to 20 years in prison and a hefty fine, according to federal officials.
2582	Habeck, who also serves as the Greens vice-chancellor in the country’s coalition government, rode to power in 2021 promising to speed up the transition to renewables.
2583	Hach: Thank you!
2584	Had a chance to put his side in front after the break but couldn’t keep his strike down.
2585	Had a fantastic chest day pump this morning!
2586	Had the bill been passed, Colombia would have joined as the second Latin American country to legalize the sale of recreational marijuana.
2587	Half of those surveyed agree that, of all the seasons, summer has the best food.
2588	HALIFAX — Thomas Milic is the only player on Canada's roster passed over at the NHL draft.
2589	Hallé Orchestra's chief executive, David Butcher, said: "The Hallé is delighted to be a part of this tour celebrating the 30th Anniversary of Jurassic Park.
2590	Hamas, which rules Gaza, has stockpiled weapons, missiles, food and medical supplies, according to the people, who declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the situation.
2591	Hamas will challenge a permanent Israeli presence in the strip, as will any other Palestinian entity.
2592	Hamish MacLeod hit the left post with a dink for Dee before Jevan Anderson was sent off for tripping Lewis Mackenzie and denying a clear goalscoring opportunity just shy of the half hour mark.
2593	“Hand-sketching your ideas on paper is an easy method that will help problem-solve issues you might not be aware of at first glance, and in turn, save you time and money.
2594	Handwriting can now be converted to typeset text instantly and in place — simply select it with the lasso and tap Convert.
2595	“Happy birthday but how old is she because she looks young?” another follower asked.
2596	Hardly any of the £100 tickets (a stretch to afford) are anywhere near the front.
2597	Harmel often clarifies when giving tours that this vault is not for a romanticized doomsday situation like apocalypses.
2598	Harmond Wilks, along with his ambitious wife Mame and friend Roosevelt Hicks, want to redevelop the Hill District in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.
2599	Harmon shared her story of her recent depressive episode with those in the group.
2600	Harris also spoke about maternal rights, and the Supreme Court’s decision to side with discrimination in the case of Lorie Smith, a Colorado web designer who is opposed to same sex marriage.
2601	“Harry got dragged just after half-time.
2602	Harry: Thanks for coming all this way.
2603	Harsh cleaners and abrasives can damage the delicate materials of your ear cups.
2604	Hart is successful as a comedian and an actor, but it’s his portfolio that makes him peerless.
2605	Haryana Police has registered a case against a factory owner in Hisar for allegedly packing spurious insecticides for sale, an official said on Wednesday.
2606	Has made such a difference to my skin."
2607	Has the pandemic enhanced or impacted Gamers Outreach’s mission in any way?
2608	“Hate away,” he said.
2609	Hathaway said she hasn’t been able to speak with Doty because he is sick but plans on speaking with him Tuesday ahead of the arraignment.
2610	Have you been very good?
2611	Have your furnishings treated with the company’s proprietary polymeric system and live virtually worry-free.
2612	“Have your weather radio by your bed or have your phone next to you,” Sizemore said.
2613	“Having dealings with other people means staying in a constant state of dissimulation,” he writes—in other words, you lie whenever you are polite.
2614	Having equalled his record set a year ago, the fresh graduate revealed his next e trip would be tagged Roidfaj Ride for health and dedicated to the less privileged needing medical support.
2615	Having experienced management in a highly cyclical but ultimately proifitable business is a big plus.
2616	Having finished all of the 2023 races, Michele completed the series in great style, finishing second V60 in 56:43 - more than two minutes quicker than the previous month.
2617	“Having his beautiful mind being a part of this podcast is just going to bring it to another level, I think, because he’s gonna ask great questions, and I think he’ll carry most of the weight in terms of topics of conversation,” Amanda said in her video.
2618	Having played four games more than Sundowns, Amakhosi face a huge task to catch up with Masandawana in the PSL title race.
2619	Having sex in an Uber seems sad and pathetic to me.
2620	Having the director's name up front didn't help this one land with a bang; it's opening at No. 3 with an estimated weekend domestic take of $6.1 million.
2621	“Having unique, singular experiences with our customers and each other.”
2622	Hayes came to the Herd via the transfer portal (March 31).
2623	Hayes had ridden many horses at this year's Cheltenham Festival.
2624	Hayley Berg, lead economist at Hopper said the majority of delays are shorter than 15 or 30 minutes, but sometimes it can feel like its longer than what it actually is.
2625	Hazardous surf warnings were issued for the Sunshine Coast and Gold Coast, with more than a dozen flood warnings issued for rivers across the state.
2626	HB 1026 passed its first committee vote last week, receiving 12-1 approval from the House Judiciary Committee.
2627	HDFC Bank - the combined entity - with a large and growing distribution and customer franchise, more than adequate capital, a healthy asset quality and profitability, will be best positioned to capture growth.
2628	"He accepted going too fast and that, if he hit someone, he could have killed them."
2629	He accepted that a “small part” of the project would fall within green belt land but argued that the harm would be outweighed by the benefits.
2630	He added: “I can’t even explain my journey to be fair.
2631	He added: “I just have to aggressively rely on everything I’ve done in the preseason and just do my best to keep improving as a player.”
2632	He added that if copies of the rulings aren’t submitted, he wanted “a thorough explanation of how the motion came to cite cases that do not exist and what role, if any, Mr. Cohen played in drafting or reviewing the motion before it was filed.”
2633	He added that the commission is responsible for protecting the children’s welfare and protection, adding that anyone can register complaints on 1121 and the commission will take strict action according to the law.
2634	He added that the study was supported by 2,249 farmers’ surveys across eight states of Cross Rivers, Edo, Ebonyi, Jigawa, Kano, Kebbi, Nasarawa and Niger.
2635	He added, “That we welcome the implementation of the Peace Accord so far with the withdrawals of pending actions in the court by both sides.
2636	He added: “Ultimately, people need to take responsibility for their own retirement and plan ahead, and taking professional advice or financial guidance earlier in life is a sensible step.”
2637	He added: “We look forward now with renewed confidence to Soldier F being formally returned to stand trial for murder and attempted murder as expeditiously as possible.”
2638	He added, "whenever we asked them to set up shelters, our calls fell on deaf ears, and they told us that these villages are not recognised."
2639	Headed absolutely everything for the majority of the evening and kept the Burnley front line quiet despite pressure.
2640	Head of the SADC Electoral Observer Mission to Zimbabwe elections Nevers Mumba says the polls held in that country were not free and fair.
2641	Headquartered in Auburn Hills, Michigan, PHINIA offers over 100 years of manufacturing expertise and industry leadership for fuel injection systems.
2642	Headteacher Philippa Cousins organised a host of events to mark this year’s at the school, including planting a peace garden with some of the King's favourite plants and flowers.
2643	He advised thd media practitioners to put journalistic conscience in their reportage to avoid fake and damaging reports of negative impact in the country.
2644	Healing Hotspurs' Georgia Pearce works as a dealer support advisor for Auto-Trail at Europarc, and dedicates most of her spare time to the team.
2645	Healing will come later.
2646	He also called the two dignified and their love story a "magical" one.
2647	He also completed an accessibility certification course with the Rick Hansen Foundation earlier this year about a national rating system that measures the physical access of buildings and other sites.
2648	He also does not pay a whole lot of attention to charts alone.
2649	He also faces a maximum of 25 years in prison on the three felony charges in the gun case.
2650	He also indicated that the company will step up the collaboration on more agricultural training and other partnerships across various agricultural chains which will extend to peanuts, corn, cassava, vegetables and other agricultural products.
2651	He also played three games of rookie ball, earned a call-up right to High-A and went 3 for 5 in each of his first two games with Greenville.
2652	He also reiterated the fact that sector policing vehicles must never leave their area of operation so that communities have vehicles available whenever they are in need of police services.
2653	He also shared a snap with a fan, who referenced James' recent controversy, by writing: 'And no I'm not any mystery blonde.'
2654	He also shared that he and his wife are "profoundly touched by the outpouring of support and prayers" that they've received, saying that the support has been a "source of strength and comfort for us during this challenging time."
2655	'He also spends days at the tennis; he obviously has a great love of the tennis.'
2656	He also was the board president for the first years of operation.
2657	Health authorities are taking novel steps to try and tackle this problem.
2658	Health District building sells for nearly $1.
2659	Health Minister Eluned Morgan admitted there were still "very, very serious problems" at the department.
2660	Healthpeak owns, operates and develops high-quality real estate for healthcare discovery and delivery.
2661	Health P.E.I. is reminding Islanders that masks continue to be required in all health-care settings in the province, including when people are visiting with relatives at their hospital or care home bedside.
2662	He and others think Senet wasn't created as it was in its final form but evolved from another board game that grew into something more spiritual over time.
2663	He arrived in a security cart about 90 minutes before game time, which is set for 3 p.m. ET.
2664	He assumed that role under a restructure which also led to NAB’s emerging technology unit, ‘ being folded into the innovation function.
2665	He assured that when the president-elect returned to the country, “we’ll sit down with him and ask him what is there for us in the North Central.
2666	He assures her that he enjoys being around her, and he does want to continue getting to know her.
2667	He attended the sheriff’s academy in 2018 to serve as a patrol deputy and was eventually accepted onto the motor unit, where he worked as a patrolman in Jurupa Valley.
2668	Heat the neutral oil in a small pan over a high heat until it's smoking.
2669	He became more of a local San Luis Obispo presence in 1998 after joining KVEC radio as morning host in an off-again, on-again role that continued through 2015.
2670	“He became the Police Superintendent President for England and Wales and he was very proud of that.
2671	He began dancing as soon as he could walk and rarely left the house without his headphones.
2672	He began working in the toy business, traveling to Ludlow Street in New York City every day to buy and sell balloons.
2673	He briefed reporters Wednesday outside Café Berlin.
2674	He called on the federal government to present a plan to balance its budget “in order to bring down inflation and interest rates.”
2675	He came up with some great stuff.
2676	He can hit big not just when the pacers are bowling but also when the spinners are bowling.
2677	He can't be the only dead person; the air has the bittersweet smell of corpses.
2678	“He certainly left large shoes to fill for those who came after him in politics, but he was always there to help in his humble and understated way,” Johnson said in a Jan.
2679	He checked all the boxes.
2680	He claimed the victim had refused to give him the keys to his van which led to a disagreement before he assaulted her.
2681	He claims to be able to show better than anyone else how the craft of poetry is like music, one of rhythmic and measured sound.
2682	He condemned the style of giving money to political aides and legislators to go and develop their areas without proper monitoring.
2683	He continued: “Everyone on Earth is better off in the real world except one man named Pete Davidson.
2684	He continued: 'Get your mustaches now before the trend reaches the internet and the fun ends.'
2685	He continued: “Since we were forced to pause the project earlier this year, our focus has always been to make sure the people who use this service can access the support they need.
2686	He continues: “To add insult to injury, central bank monetary policy is notoriously slow to take effect.
2687	He continues to write.
2688	He could change fighting styles in an instant and was proficient in all of them.
2689	He couldn’t buy a basket and scored but one point on a made free throw with 10 minutes left in the game.
2690	‘He declined our invitation to reconsider his assertions that what he said to the House was truthful.
2691	He described Russia’s war in unambiguous terms as an “imperial attack, which threatens peace in the whole of Europe”.
2692	"He deserves to be here.
2693	He did, however, win over some key decision-makers.
2694	He directs her towards the salon owned by Aya, leading into the ‘Cinderella’ arc of the story.
2695	He disclosed that the leadership of the friendship groups was drawn largely from the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, adding that their function was to ease interaction with other parliaments across the world.
2696	He dismissed them as isolated instances that were “largely political because we’re conservative.”
2697	“He does his job, really focused.
2698	'He doesn't think to walk five seconds up the stairs to check if me and baby are asleep already, because that would be too easy presumably.
2699	He encourages upcoming students to work there if they are given an opportunity.
2700	He enjoys solitude, and his long life has taught him to distrust many humans.
2701	He entered the game with a record of 2-2, with 33 strikeouts in 35¹/₃ innings.
2702	He even suggested keeping the PTI chief in Giddu Bandar Mental Hospital in Hyderabad “as a guest”.
2703	”He exhorted the troops to carry on their excellent work in effective domination of the border to thwart continuous challenges from across the border,” the spokesperson said.
2704	He feels like the mayoral race should be placed on hold until the investigation into the alleged fraud concludes.
2705	He felt a deep connection to the town and its people.
2706	He felt it was best for them to start a Ryder Cup before a home crowd, especially since they are projected to play in the matches for years to come.
2707	He flexed his acting chops as a character conflicted in his loyalties, and led by anger and fear.
2708	“He fought for them like a lion.”
2709	He found some of Puccini's answers were 'odd', such as her assertion she could not remember her involvement in 'preparation of the press release published in the wake of the short-lived abandonment of the public interest defence'.
2710	He further said that it was necessary to harp on Elrufai’s political credentials and achievements, noting that it was the basis for the desire of Nigerians for his services.
2711	He further wrote that the HSPDP has decided to “withdraw our support to your party, effective from March 3”.
2712	He gave up a single and a two-run home run, and then put the tying run on first with a walk.
2713	He gave up ten hits, four runs, two walks and he recorded eight strikeouts.
2714	He genuinely cared for us and showed us the importance of being a good spiritual leader.
2715	“He gets battered around again this season,” he told ET.
2716	He gets plenty of credit for being just ok.
2717	He grew up in one of the toughest parts of Liverpool.
2718	“He had 1.5 sacks and two forced fumbles in nine 2021 games before tearing his ACL.”
2719	He had been blamed for the tribe’s misfortunes and hoped to regain his standing among them.
2720	He had prominent roles in two recent big summer movies, Across the Spider-Verse.
2721	He has absolutely no shot - at least not one towards the hole.
2722	He has also admitted robbing a teenage boy on August 17th, taking the victim’s €150 earphones and runners worth €120, at Curved Street, also in Temple Bar.
2723	He has also held the classic championship since 2013 but decided it was time to relinquish it after 10 years, in 2023.
2724	He has a quiet confidence about him.
2725	He has been dropped from several ad campaigns as well as PR representation and management company.
2726	He has consistently delivered development strategies and organizational designs, enabling the successful integration of new procedures and technologies into patient care, resulting in improved outcomes.
2727	He has consistently maintained his innocence and said in a statement this week he looks forward to getting back to work.
2728	He has copies of several letters from his GP, a consultant respiratory physician and an architecture expert stating the flat was contributing to his issues and he should be moved urgently.
2729	He has every reason to wait for U.S. and European resolve to collapse so that he can complete his objective of subjugating Ukraine.
2730	He has maintained a great level of performance and I hope he keeps it up because, on days like today, he’s decisive.”
2731	He has neither confirmed nor denied this.
2732	He hasn’t played since February and won’t feature again.
2733	“He has played really, really well in camp,” Rodgers said this week.
2734	He has several fantasies that revolve around impressing Sister Lily, none of which ever come to fruition.
2735	He has the nimble feet to mirror or recover against the rush.
2736	He has those guys playing hard.
2737	He has until Wednesday, May 24 to pay the total balance of £1,042.
2738	He has written a book about his life lessons learned while fishing the Island waters.
2739	He helped secure the Reform Act of 1884, which extended the suffrage to a further two million rural workers.
2740	Heifers sold to a top of £600 for a real cow maker of an Aberdeen Angus.
2741	He inducted the band into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame back in 1983.
2742	“He is absolutely one of the most exciting new artists in music and we are looking forward to working with him and his team on the next chapter of his incredible career.”
2743	He is a craftsman in wood.
2744	He is actually making the smartest move possible.
2745	He is a forward-thinking, looking forward to the next opportunity.
2746	He is an award-winning journalist who spent much of his career in sports as a reporter and, later, as the Register's sports editor.
2747	He is expected to debut with Inter Miami on 21 July against Liga MX team Cruz Azul in a home Leagues Cup match.
2748	He is kind of embarrassed by the loss.
2749	He is not afraid to chronicle the fall of high school athletics from play-where-you-stay to play-for-your-career.
2750	He isn’t as skilled in coverage as a traditional safety but he’s great at coming down and making plays in the run game or the short passing game, so much so that the Dallas Cowboys moved him to linebacker during his stint with the team.
2751	He is set to receive a merit increase of 5.25%.
2752	He is the athletic director, but he was also a BYU football player in the late 1970s and early 1980s.
2753	He is the full list of cancelled flights, according to the London Heathrow Airport website.
2754	He is upset that Labron Kozone had a match on Spark and he didn’t.
2755	He is wearing a grey polo shirt, grey jumper, grey tracksuit pants, socks and thongs.
2756	'He kept going at her,' the delivery man said.
2757	He kept on stating that young people are the leaders of tomorrow.
2758	Hekkelun is a small and cozy cafe between Toranomon and Shimbashi that’s known for its (Japanese custard pudding) topped with caramel sauce.
2759	He knew there was something special about this former walk-on that no one else could see.
2760	He knows he can do better, and I hope a few goals will help him.
2761	He later said he had been on paternity leave, and you were a bigot if you objected.
2762	He later told his sister to forget about what happened and deleted the photos.
2763	Held rain or shine.
2764	He learned about a procedure that could lengthen his legs, and he began working extra hours to save up enough money for the surgery during college.
2765	He learned to read at just 26 months old "by watching children's television and copying the sounds of letters"
2766	He led us with courage and strength and never faltered even in the darkest hour.
2767	He looked at Reigns and nodded his head.
2768	He looked dapper as he attended the star-studded bash in his three-piece navy attire but added a cool edge with a pair of dark sunglasses as he posed outside with his equally-dapper guest.
2769	He loved watching football and wrestling, especially the Gators, Raiders, and Green Bay Packers.
2770	He made the case that heavy labor occupations including farming, make raising retirement age unreasonable.
2771	He made the comparison on Thursday after he was denied the opportunity to meet with the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra, Nnamdi Mazi, at the Department of State Services Headquarters in Abuja.
2772	He makes it in time to beat a few people up, and is number twenty-seven.
2773	He makes nations rise and then fall, builds up some and abandons others.
2774	“He might have convinced himself the mistakes were not his but is only kidding himself.
2775	He must also pay prosecution costs of £90 and a £90 victim surcharge.
2776	He must feel like he won the lottery.
2777	Hence another reason why the government is proposing to soon legislate the objective.
2778	Hence, the of it all.
2779	Henderson butterflied London’s arms and allowed fans to chop London as they walked by the whole front row.
2780	“He never once bemoaned his fate.”
2781	He noted that the signing of the MoU between the two nations would enhance cooperation in the energy sector beyond crude oil exports.
2782	Henrico must continue to invest in the most up-to-date resources and infrastructure in its schools, and make sure to do so in both the east and west sides of the county, Rogish said.
2783	Henry's mum thought her 'typically happy baby' was having teething problems over the Easter weekend after he wouldn't take liquids.
2784	He owns 12.5 million shares worth $1.3 billion.
2785	He played a vital role in the successful development and execution of CNA’s London strategy.
2786	He plays an Imperial Officer who went unnamed for over a decade before he was christened "Sheckil" by, of all things, an official "Star Wars" card game.
2787	He pleaded guilty to one count of theft between January 1, 2016 and June 30, 2018 at a previous hearing.
2788	He posted on Twitter: "Really poor — three years behind bars is far too lenient."
2789	He previously said: "Well, I went into QPR as a head coach and originally went into Rangers in the same role.
2790	He previously served eight years on the Architectural Review Board.
2791	He profiles as a back-end bullpen arm when he gets to Coors Field, which could be as soon as this September.
2792	He protested in support of Pravesh Shukla, an accused in the urine scandal.
2793	“He provided a breath sample.
2794	He put fear in me to guarantee that I would keep coming back every few months,” she added.
2795	Hera has remained a part of the Rebels, still acting as a general even after the conflict has ended.
2796	He ran and when he got to the tyre shop they stabbed him three times in the stomach and he bled to death.”
2797	Her birth was depicted in her finale.
2798	"Her child is 2. Of course he needs a good bedtime routine and 7PM is pretty reasonable after a long day at a wedding, especially as he is away from home.
2799	Her children, Nicholas and Nicholatoy, were especially affected by the speculation.
2800	Her closing statements revealed that was being planned for a launch date in November, although she did not disclose an exact date.
2801	Her daughter, in the meantime, opted to go with a black zip-up hoodie and jeans, and also had her hair down.
2802	Here are her feet.'
2803	Here are some ways you can track your menstrual cycle, according to Dr Sethi: Menstrual cycle length varies between individuals and any cycle which is regular and between 21-35 days is considered normal.
2804	He received terrific support at the other end from Mark Crowfoot (56), who notched a fine half century.
2805	Her efforts have earned her the Trailblazer Award at the 2019 MTV Movie & TV Awards and the Icon Award at the 2020 Billboard Women in Music Awards.
2806	Here is the important information about the Bleach: Thousand Year Blood War season 2 episode 12 and 13 release date…
2807	He remains the ultimate source of my victory, not man.
2808	He remembers being conscious and the shock and panic that broke out around him.
2809	Here's a detailed look into why The Finder was canceled after just one season.
2810	Here's a look at the burgers competing this year!
2811	“Here’s something I tell my guys all the time, ‘My job is to out-recruit you’.
2812	Here's what you can do, according to Tripadvisor.
2813	Here, the committee found that the verbal complaint should have merited a response," he added.
2814	Here they will encounter new enemies, explore never-before-seen dungeons, and uncover centuries-old mysteries as they pursue the infamous Grey Cowl of Nocturnal.
2815	He returned to India to study meditation for three or four months every year for the next 12 years.
2816	Here we are today still complaining about electoral injustice, the bane of our democracy.
2817	Here we'll bring you the latest on roads and rail and any breaking incidents you should be aware of.
2818	Here we will dig into some of the settings and actions that can totally transform your results, from shooting RAW to adjusting your camera's picture style and understanding the histogram.
2819	Here you have a great list of car jump starters.
2820	Here you will see a list of that open automatically when you log in. If the email app is listed here, select it and click the minus icon to remove it.
2821	Her film criticsm reflects on a range of genres but she is most fascinated by movies that push boundaries and dare to be different.
2822	Her husband was also the victim of a violent attack in 2010 and suffered a fractured skull and a brain injury.
2823	Her mum, Sybil Eaton, who smoked from the age of 14, went on to smoke 20 a day for most of her life before she died from lung cancer in 2010 aged 71, just six weeks after being diagnosed.
2824	Her parents are separated now and Paterson took Fiona and husband Simon along when she recently won a Bafta for her screenplay.
2825	Her partner, 45, was found dead near an abandoned church next door.
2826	Her payment to the municipality is set at $1,500.
2827	Her research saw her delving through the Invercauld Archive, finding documents and letters of long ago, some in their original envelopes.
2828	Her results have been disqualified from October 11, 2021 onwards.
2829	Her team takes on the most powerful people in India without ever flinching,тАЭ ICIJ managing editor Fergus Shiel said.
2830	Her throw-downs are amazing.
2831	He’s a great guy, a great player and very ambitious, so there is no reason that he can’t go all the way to the top and represent France.”
2832	He said an organizing campaign is likely this year at one of the Charleston-area's car plants, although he wouldn't specify which one.
2833	He said: “Bracknell Forest Council has been able to balance its books in recent years, with Labour councillors previously voting for this year’s budget, so I will need to better understand why a shortfall is now being projected for 23/24.”
2834	He said: “Following high temperatures and with more warm weather on the way, your lawn will certainly be feeling the heat.
2835	He said he’d like to see Darl Kolar, the town’s stormwater consultant, address the issue in a presentation.
2836	He said he is doing everything possible to get better results when action resumes after the general election.
2837	He said his daughter's condition is deteriorating, and was found collapsed in her bedroom over the weekend.
2838	He said his wife "made me a better person".
2839	He said, “I am deeply saddened by the embarrassment and discomfort that Mr Governor has faced due to the barrage of negative news in the state as a result of the events of the last few months.
2840	He said: 'I confessed to my wife I got a paternity test.
2841	He said: “It’s important also that Cristiano Ronaldo is in Saudi Arabia, because he’s a very big player.
2842	He said it was being cut down for 20 to 25 seconds before the chainsaw wielder "disappeared up the road".
2843	He said: “I want to thank Your Excellency, Governor Mai Mala Buni for shouldering this responsibility which is exceptionally successful.
2844	He said: "Looking back, we couldn't believe we had handled it.
2845	“He said, ‘No way — you’re not going anywhere,’ and the next day, he went to the mayor.”
2846	He said Park West is so vacant he can blast music till 3am in the morning and no one will hear it or complain, adding: “I joke with my friends that I have no neighbours”.
2847	He said power constituted about 30 per cent of the production process and therefore high cost of the commodity in Ghana gave other countries such as Ethiopia and South Africa the comparative advantage.
2848	He said that health is a fundamental cardinal principle of his administration, adding that plans had been concluded for the conversion of Shiroro Hotel to University Teaching Hospital.
2849	He said that the drive will continue and they will also start random checking on the buses across the city to prevent mishaps.
2850	He said the attacks would not stop in the future, because the liberals “cannot digest that we, Hungarians and Serbs will follow our own national path and we are successful”.
2851	He said the availability of HIV testing kits would address the critical gap in healthcare system.
2852	He said the bank was closely working with Egypt to mobilise international climate financing to address the country’s climate challenges, building the resilience of vulnerable systems and promoting sustainable development.
2853	He said the election department has reconfigured its system to include the 5-1A precinct, which will be similar to its previous configuration.
2854	He said the "military aspect is very much on".
2855	He said the plans were published in the 2021 programme for government which runs until March 2026.
2856	He said the removal of imprisonment for natural life, considered by Pope Francis as a “secret death penalty,” would give prisoners a chance to rehabilitate.
2857	He said there was a clear guideline when it came to using antibacterial agent for viral upper respiration infections and that using it when not prescribed was wrong.
2858	He said the Scottish Book Trust initiative, Book Bug, for young children was a great example of bringing in different generations to libraries.
2859	He said: “The sending off then kills the game.
2860	He said the SLB is continuing on its mission to provide financing to students pursuing tertiary-level studies across 34 approved tertiary institutions.
2861	He said the state needs to diversify its economy to move away from reliance on gaming and mining.
2862	He said: “This kind of behaviour is unacceptable and can delay the crews from bringing an incident to a safe and swift conclusion.
2863	He said, “We are in the streets, we hear what our people are saying.
2864	He said: “We can say confidently that Wagner has shown its mettle in military terms and drawn a line under discussions about whether or not such private military companies are needed.
2865	He said winning the contest will help him stay on his toes and to strike while the iron is hot, which helps him to maintain his creativity.
2866	He said: "You will see progress from us.
2867	He’s also concerned about the city’s underfunding of road maintenance and improvements, particularly sidewalks, and believes that’s another discussion that hasn’t gotten enough attention.
2868	He’s also very involved in teaching and is responsible for courses that include mental health awareness, effects of alcohol and drugs and technology safety.
2869	He says if that is allowed, prayer should be too.
2870	He says Marvel Studios have reached out to him about different projects: “I have very good relationship with the Marvel casting directors.”
2871	He says the inmate later told him, "Your deputies did a really good job saving my life.
2872	“He’s brave and makes big plays when the game is in the balance, in attack and defence.
2873	He's currently worth roughly $20 million, based on reporting by Forbes Ukraine.
2874	He's even pushing his selfish fetish onto his own son.'
2875	He's even spoken in support of the rioters and said he would consider pardoning them if he was reelected.
2876	“He’s got a right,” he said, before joining Lineker in the stadium to watch City lose 3-1.
2877	He’s got Pirlo’s confident arrogance.”
2878	He’s grateful to be a key part of the most popular drama on television, which had its midseason finale on Sunday amid a fresh batch of potential familial murder plots.
2879	He showed that God is in our midst.
2880	He showed us the tombs of Robert Dudley, Earl and Leicester, his brother Ambrose and son Robert, known as the Noble Impe, whose little suit of armour can be seen at Warwick Castle.
2881	He shows up on his first day dressed as a cowboy, only to turn the costume into a clever lesson about life in the 19th century.
2882	He sibling includes Sthefany Brito who is also an actress.
2883	He simply had greatness,” stated Riley, now the president of the Miami Warmth and one of many few who has labored with each Abdul-Jabbar and James.
2884	“He’s kind of a quiet person, so to me that was like somebody else jumping up and down saying it was the best thing they ever heard.
2885	He’s not the tallest but he’s quick.
2886	He’s off to the IPL where there is slightly less demand on his conditioning so hopefully he’ll be fine.
2887	He’s okay with that, because he believes masculinity is determined by biology and not by personality.
2888	“He spread joy within and outside the newsroom.
2889	He's previously directed Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom as well as The Impossible, starring Naomi Watts, Ewan McGregor and Tom Holland, set during the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami.
2890	“He (Srettha) will also meet with top Singaporean companies to encourage investment in Thailand,” it said.
2891	'He's someone who worked his way up through the ranks before he hit it big with Ted Lasso.
2892	He's such a good trainer, he comes in, trains hard and then he's unbelievable in matches.
2893	He started to realize that he had been missing out on the benefits of interpersonal relationships.
2894	He stated, “Many a true word is said in jest.
2895	He stated that the council has within the period under review delivered over 180 verifiable reforms targeted at enabling the business environment for micro, small, and medium-sized enterprises.
2896	He states they had invited Paul to go fishing the next day but Paul was working and couldn’t go.
2897	He's the one insistent on searching every…
2898	He still owns a luxury top-floor £2m flat in a Victorian red-brick mansion block near Baker Street, London.
2899	He’s trying to deal with all the insanity, without making him too crazy.
2900	He suggested the AR/VR headset could be unveiled at WWDC, with the release date being to the end of the second quarter of 2023 or even the third quarter.
2901	He thanked the former PNP chief, now former Sen. Panfilo Lacson, and other retired officials who led the police force before him.
2902	He then changed the topic to Republican New York Rep. George Santos and his multiple felony charges.
2903	He thinks he can run fast and loose, and this time it has caught up with him.
2904	He thought at the time: “Everything I do from this moment onwards is going to be to the goal of being that for as many people as possible because that interaction changed everything for me.”
2905	He told me he was there to see my sister.
2906	He told OPB that her decades of experience as a newspaper copy editor made her qualified for the job.
2907	He told the Daily Echo: “We're looking to add, and the group needs it.
2908	He told The Times: "If the public is told that they think it’s a terrible accident it risks people switching off.
2909	He told us he wants to "start the journey towards America's recovery."
2910	He tweeted earlier this month: “Not the result we wanted - thank you to the incredible fans who travelled so far and made their voices heard throughout.
2911	He understood and respected his older brother's goals related to Alkahestry as the latter considered it as something that would change the fate of the future of the Ishvalans and lead them to a path of development and betterment.
2912	He used to give the family ₹2,000 a month.
2913	“He wanted me to let you know that Annie got over the Rainbow Bridge just fine.
2914	He was 4-for-10 with an 8.3 passer rating in the second quarter alone.
2915	“He was a connector who would put the right people together to work for the betterment of Maine.”
2916	“He was a great guy for the 2 1/2 years I’ve known him.
2917	He was also able to defend at a high level and get really physical without fouling that much and was able to slash and cut and move without the ball.
2918	He was also business secretary under Sunak before taking over as minister responsible for energy security and net zero.
2919	He was also convicted of getting the child to touch his private area.
2920	He was also in breach of a suspended sentence order.
2921	He was also nominated for a CFDA Award for Best Accessory Designer recently, and his brand has subsequently grown into eyeglasses, outerwear, and footwear.
2922	He was also nominated for the Sir Garfield Sobers Award for ICC Male Cricketer of the Decade, and the award for Test cricketer of the decade.
2923	He was always freely associating between these kind of things.
2924	He was a passionate philanthropist who gave time and money to help people and causes.
2925	He was arrested after her body was found in a shallow grave at Moralana Creek on March 7, 2021.
2926	He was a son, a father, a husband, a brother, a friend, a bowler, a carpenter, the epitome of Mooseheart, and of course, a grandpa.
2927	He was bedridden for the rest of his life.
2928	"He was beyond excited and his enthusiasm for Millport and absolutely embraced everything about it.
2929	He was born and raised in Freetown, Sierra Leone, where music and theatre were all around him.
2930	He was charged with possession of an explosive in an airport and possessing or attempting to place an explosive or incendiary device on an aircraft.
2931	He was described by Cllr Carl Cuss, the current Twyn Carno ward councillor, as a “very good friend” and a “very intelligent man”.
2932	He was even willing to stoop low enough to buy Happy's grandmother's home as leverage to force Happy out of the competition.
2933	He was fighting for a period of more than eight months to not turn over hundreds of missing documents that the archives was asking about.
2934	He was found guilty on four charges of criminal breach of trust, misappropriation of property and money laundering.
2935	He was further seen imitating Japanese people working in concentration camps during the podcast.
2936	“He was going to get his hands on the ball somehow.”
2937	He was interrogated for 48 hours and then expelled from Lebanon, after it became clear that the Israeli had not intended to enter Lebanon, except for the flight’s stopover at the airport, while on his way to Iraq.
2938	He was just one class short of earning his bachelor of general studies degree.
2939	He was keen not to put a number on how many the UK could take, instead saying: “The world should be involved – those in the Middle East, those in Asia, those in American, those in Europe and, of course, those in the UK.
2940	He was last seen wearing a rain jacket and beige pants.
2941	He was observed wearing a gold in color Ministry Enforcement Badge.
2942	“He was so mad at me,” the mom said.
2943	He was subpoenaed late last year to turn over the records to a grand jury in investigations into Mr Trump’s fundraisings following the 2020 elections.
2944	He was talking to Buffalo – he wasn’t giving a national address.
2945	He was the 13th worker known to have died in Australia in the transport gig worker industry since 2017.
2946	He was the Editor-in-Chief for EnergyBiz from 2004 to 2014.
2947	He was then reimbursed for the $130,000 by Mr Trump, with additional bonuses, and with the payments to Cohen being inaccurately logged as legal fees.
2948	He was then taken to the police vehicle, where his behaviour continued.
2949	He was unusual, they conceded, but that could be said of any “prodigious achiever” in human history.
2950	He was wearing a black shirt, black sneakers, and dark pants, police say.
2951	He was working three full-time jobs at Meta, IBM, and Tinder.
2952	He watches the videos of all the bowlers,” Mann has told this newspaper.
2953	He went on to perpetrate a rape on one victim in a vehicle parked up at an industrial estate in Ayrshire and a sexual assault in a car at a layby in Johnstone, in Renfrewshire.
2954	He went on to suggest that a British AI task force, which is working on methods for assessing AI systems' vulnerability, could develop expertise to offer internationally.
2955	“He whipped it out, like a light saber.”
2956	He will also hand over more than 1,280 houses constructed under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY).
2957	He will also meet with representatives of Palestinian groups based in Lebanon.
2958	He won a pair of fights by submission in Bellator, but hasn’t competed since 2019.
2959	He won his old job back in 2015 after his release from prison and contends he has the “good, solid experience” to lead the city of about 148,300.
2960	He won't shapeshift into his green skin, so ending him would show his alien body, cut any contact with Gravik, and prove to Ritson that they're the real allies.
2961	He worked on the stage for 20 years before beginning to work on TV in the '70s.
2962	He wouldn't stop.
2963	High-end items might go to sites such as Rent the Runway or The RealReal, while other items go to sites like ThredUp or Poshmark, or to thrift stores.
2964	Higher-quality video might make for an improved remote working or learning experience.
2965	High housing prices and an aging population pose challenges for Boulder County, Garner noted.
2966	High plus 3. Night – Cloudy with 60 percent chance of flurries.
2967	Hiking is a good way to get exercise while still enjoying what peak week has to offer.
2968	HILO, Hawaiʻi - A High Surf Advisory is in place for east-facing shores, the day after a large swell battered the Big Island.
2969	His abilities were largely untested, but he began working with Speed Demon as his sidekick.
2970	His appearance is not different from the presentations in the images we see around.
2971	His approach is also imaginative in that no one can accuse him of vandalism or damaging someone else's property.
2972	His attacks on Trump didn’t even have the ring of truth and were proven to be lies daily.
2973	His backup, Riley Reiff, couldn’t get snaps ahead of McDermott in practice.
2974	His campaign for Babylon Town Council has been endorsed by both Babylon GOP chairman Joe Barone as well as Suffolk County Republican Party boss Jesse Garcia.
2975	His dance steps, his spoken words, and his actions are unique and distinct.
2976	His declaration of 23 March, made public last month, unequivocally recognises the Oba, or king, of Benin, Ewuare II, as the owner of the famous Benin Bronzes.
2977	“His designs have always been in my family’s wardrobe and I’ve been wearing them since ever.
2978	His family are holding a protest starting at midday outside New Scotland Yard on Saturday to demand answers.
2979	His family said he was suspected of aiding Prigozhin's insurrection attempt.
2980	His father Gurbaksh Singh is an honorary captain in the Indian Army and is due to retire in May this year while his uncle Gurdial Singh retired as a havaldar from the Indian Army recently.
2981	His household items were shipped through Canadian Forces Base Trenton where a number of hidden undeclared firearms were discovered in the shipment.
2982	His last eight years were spent as Managing Director and President of MSD.
2983	His lawyer, Idris Marbawi, said the two sides agreed that Risby-Jones would pay the fisherman's family for hospital fees and a traditional peace ceremony.
2984	His life constantly on the verge of disaster, he reels from his tenuous rental situation to a dysfunctional group home, through a massive urban flood, into the clutch of mobsters, and finally into the heights of Polis society.
2985	His mother, Helen Somerset-Howe, cared for her son for three decades, and in 1990, the woman founded a center to help people with cerebral palsy develop the skills they need for the future.
2986	His office was established by Biden on Jan.
2987	His other works include Heritage Africa, Crossroads Of People, Crossroads of Trade, The Good Old Days, Suffering To Lose, The Love Of AA and Papa Lasisi Bicycle.
2988	His project, Green Wall GEN X, involved students at three schools to produce and install hanging gardens, creating self-sustaining ecosystems in urban development areas.
2989	His publicist confirmed that the beloved icon died of congestive heart failure at his home in New York.
2990	His recovery was marred by three successive infections that required a further five operations, with each one increasing the likelihood of amputation.
2991	His research examines how communication technologies impact social attitudes and behaviors, with a current focus on the impact of “fake news” and misinformation on our democratic processes.
2992	His response is that this isn’t about him or our relationship, and I deserve to be fulfilled and happy.
2993	His salary with the Knicks represents a roughly 300% raise from last season.
2994	His spokesperson added that Khanna’s staff are in contact with Ramaswamy’s campaign regarding the organizing of the debate.
2995	His strategy was for him to compete in Training Level tournaments in 1995 and Preliminaries in 1996.
2996	History moved on with emergent phenomenon and constellations of ideas (Descartes was short-circuiting the past).
2997	History was made on Saturday during the women’s singles final match, when Czechia’s Marketa Vondrousova narrowly defeated Ons Jabeur of Tunisia, becoming the first unseeded women’s player to win the championship.
2998	His undergraduate thesis was modestly titled “The Meaning of History,” and his doctoral dissertation looked at the statecraft of Klemens von Metternich, to whom he’s often been compared.
2999	His unflinching commitment to duty impressed royal fans online, with one writing: "The Duke of Kent really is a stalwart of our working royals.
3000	His wife always included a very nice thank you card, too, and wrote a note detailing their appreciation.
3001	His wife left him and does not want to live with him.
3002	HNP Capital LLC now owns 13,318 shares of the basic materials company’s stock worth $1,627,000 after acquiring an additional 2,721 shares during the period.
3003	Hogwarts Legacy will be available on both last gen and next-gen consoles, as well as PC, on February 10 2022.
3004	Holding a BSN and active RN credentials, I fuse clinical expertise with financial savvy to dissect the biotech sector's intricate landscape.
3005	Hole location and collar positions are shown in Figure 1 and Table 1 below.
3006	Holiday-themed collectibles may seem like a once-a-year thing, but for a collector, these unique items can have a higher resale value over time.
3007	Hollywood food stylists design food in a way that helps tell the story.
3008	Hollywood is still available on home video.
3009	Hollywood Police Chief Chris O’Brien echoed those sentiments, telling reporters it was “unfortunate” that those law-abiding citizens who had come to enjoy the beach on a holiday weekend had their enjoyment interrupted by “a group of criminals.”
3010	Homemade equipment would not meet the strict safety standards, such as electrical, said Anglophone School District South spokesperson Jessica Hanlon.
3011	Hometowns give you a sense of bearing in a world—especially so this country—seemingly drifting in space, bound for nowhere.”
3012	Home Town Takeover: Sarah Boon has a passion…
3013	Honours committees are made up of both senior and people who are independent of government with an independent chairperson.
3014	Ho-Oh doesn't simply resurrect others either as it can actually grant them new powers as it did with the Legendary Beasts Trio.
3015	Hopefully, the sheriff deployment will help, but I doubt it.
3016	Hopefully, y'all will be loud cause I'm gonna be loud.
3017	Hospice Georgian Triangle is thankful for the vision that Crozier shares in giving as much as possible over the holiday season.
3018	Host an old-fashioned garage sale from your home for an easy way to sell off your unwanted goods.
3019	Hotel buildings are an eyesore.
3020	Hotstar has announced a similar move for the upcoming One-day Cricket World Cup starting in October.
3021	Hours later, Witney assured fans that her baby boy was “
3022	Hours of operation are Monday to Saturday 10am to 9pm, Sunday 11am to 6pm.
3023	House Bill 55 is scheduled for its first hearing on Tuesday before the House Education Committee.
3024	Householder Group Estate & Retirement Specialist LLC acquired a new stake in American Water Works in the 3rd quarter valued at approximately $35,000.
3025	House Oversight Chairman James Comer said in a statement Tuesday the US Treasury Department will allow him to review certain bank activity reports related to members of the Biden family and their business partners.
3026	House Republicans subpoenaed the president’s son early this month and summoned him to appear for a closed-door transcribed interview as part of an escalation of Republicans’ impeachment inquiry into the president.
3027	“Housing is a shared responsibility, and we need all levels of government, non-profits, developers and communities working together to solve these unprecedented housing challenges.
3028	HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- One person died, and four others were shot inside of a club on the southeast side of Houston Sunday morning, according to police.
3029	How about when another prominent member of Gotham’s elite shows up, and she has to deal with Damian Wayne?
3030	How are medical practitioners held accountable?
3031	How can corporate governance be done differently?
3032	How can I watch the Coronation flypast?
3033	How can the authorities fight back?
3034	How close are autonomous cars?
3035	Howden Joinery Group’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 3,230.77%.
3036	How Did 'Heat 2' Happen?
3037	“How did this certification help you land a new promotion?
3038	How does a 50% passer get this much love from the media?
3039	How does he plan on doing this?
3040	How Does ‘NCIS’ Hold Up When Franchise Ventures to Australia?
3041	How do I know if I have Gap insurance?
3042	How do songs tend to come to you now?
3043	How do the Lakers stack up against the Timberwolves?
3044	How do they get the cars here?"
3045	"How do they maintain that feeling of being a local deliverer of services in a consistent manner across a vast area of North Yorkshire?" he says.
3046	Howell police said between 30 and 40 houses were damaged in Howell with the Spicy Pond Road area taking most of the damage.
3047	However, according to another study recently published by the DIHK, companies in Germany are more likely to reduce their investments in the country (36%) than to increase them (24%).
3048	However, a lack of motivation among leaders can have just as profound of an impact.
3049	However, all three sides lost and therefore that can no longer happen.
3050	However, a Netflix special, “Murdaugh Murders: A Southern Scandal,” said “multiple” locals had discussed rumors that Buster was romantically involved with Smith, a claim some close to the family made on camera.
3051	However, a pertinent question lies in whether the foundational level — China’s homegrown large language models — will be robust enough to support the range of real-life scenarios expected of them.
3052	However, Appeal dashed his hopes as the former Lawmaker (2019-2023) was once more defeated.
3053	“However, as a sector, we recognise that we should have given sewage activations much more attention and acted faster, and we want to be a driving force for positive change”, the company said.
3054	However, as detailed by Martin, the funding was not sent in a straight-forward way.
3055	However, as the same day of the week for collections runs through the entire calendar, they will not send out another leaflet with amended dates.
3056	However, at the same time he has also criticised the Congress.
3057	However, CO can be a strategic carbon resource for synthesizing valued chemicals and fuels.
3058	However, critics have suggested that Trans Mountain’s mounting costs will mean the government will have to absorb a significant loss when it does sell the pipeline.
3059	“However, despite their best efforts it sadly became apparent nothing could be done to save him and he was confirmed dead at the scene.”
3060	However, disillusionment with the Republic and the Jedi Order drove Bulq to the dark side after the Battle of Geonosis, a transformation later described by Windu as Vaapad mastering Bulq, rather than the other way around.
3061	However, due to his battles with poor health and Parkinson's the former newspaper photographer's latest photo will likely be his last, according to his daughter.
3062	“However, during these turbulent times, we urge investors to remain calm and make informed decisions away from the heat of emotion.
3063	However, for those who would like the game to run better on PC, there may be a solution.
3064	However, he accidentally became his own test subject.
3065	However, he adds that he does indeed have a partner in (literal) crime.
3066	However, he emphasized the necessity of considering the varying levels of development among ASEAN member states, particularly in reducing greenhouse gas emissions, accelerating the energy transition, and decarbonizing land transport.
3067	However, he felt he should exhibit attributes of Christianity by going to the Shongwe’s home to offer profuse apologises for not arriving on time for the prayer.
3068	However, Ho said these medications interfere with the ability to test the blood supply.
3069	However, Ideba said she felt she couldn't pull it off.
3070	However, I feel Mr Swinley omitted a crucial difference between them.
3071	However, "If he's holding it up at 23 feet high and we're seeing the light, well that's because the Earth is curved.
3072	However, if 's Federation represents a galactic utopia, why do it and Starfleet still have prisons?
3073	However, if you hold accounts at both banks, they are not separately insured.
3074	However, in an interview with People magazine, she said: “I knew that anything that I needed was something I needed to provide for.
3075	However, in August, the transgender woman was slapped with four charges under the Electronic Crimes Act which she will have to answer to when her trial starts.
3076	However, in March this year, UK Chief Veterinary Officer Dr Christine Middlemiss announced that early termination of the Area 56 cull would be “sub-optimal for disease control”.
3077	"However, interest rates will not remain high for very long.
3078	However, in those same remarks, he also encouraged supporters to march to Congress where lawmakers were certifying the 2020 election results.
3079	“However,” it continued, “we are committed to centering the safety of our audiences and to being sensitive to all members of our community who have been impacted.”
3080	However, it has been reduced by £24.50 to a much more purse-friendly price of £25 in the brand's summer sale.
3081	However, it is now venturing into the module market with an ambitious sales target of 35GW by 2023 (with only 3GW reported in 1Q23) and plans to increase its production capacity to 80GW by the end of 2023, +4.7x YoY.
3082	However, it's also been submerged in some of the more distractingly chaotic elements of the narrative, like the ending that sees a laser firing out of the Great Dragon Egg to turn him into the Dragon King.
3083	However, it's also critical for investors to note that the bulk of that growth was likely reflected in 2022.
3084	However, it’s important to frame our examination correctly.
3085	However, it was never explained how a British government could change the terms of the Good Friday Agreement without the agreement of the Irish government, or tie the hands of Northern Ireland Secretaries for the indefinite future.
3086	However, I will say this, living here, it sure is nice to be able to leave town and visit Montana.
3087	However, I would like to point out a few things since there is a lot of misinformation… We have Asha workers in each of these villages.
3088	However, latest reports said she's the ex-con after learning of his legal troubles.
3089	However, Liu explained that this is not the case, and advised that risk can be reduced through exercise, maintaining a healthy diet and avoiding smoking and excess alcohol consumption.
3090	However, McDonald had his car up on two wheels at one point.
3091	However, motor insurance expert at Confused.
3092	However, movies that wait until their last scene to lose all interest in their characters are much more annoying.
3093	However, Mr Farage said on Twitter this amounted to “serious political persecution”, suggesting the decision was made due to his involvement in the 2016 European Union referendum.
3094	However, New York does have some incredible beaches.
3095	However, no official announcement has yet been made.
3096	However, one in five say neither option is best.
3097	However, one should cut him some slack; he’s probably still getting a bit adjusted to the pace of the NBA, even with this being the Summer League currently.
3098	However, perhaps his most amazing feat is at once ongoing and closer to home.
3099	However, shortly after the ring ceremony, Gracie Hunt faced an unexpected setback.
3100	However, skills picked up from his father, who was a jeweller, saw him transferred to the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers.
3101	However, slower growth needn’t translate into economic crisis.
3102	“However, sometimes drivers follow sat nav directions without thinking, for example, to ‘take the third exit’, without actually checking the signage, and therefore they can make mistakes.”
3103	However, sources suggest the player could still commit to new terms at Celtic despite the initial rejection and halted negotiations.
3104	However, that decision was the right one; it's the other decision Marlene makes in that ends up being horrific.
3105	However, the author of the "Mary Poppins" books P.L. Travers enjoy the adaptation of her book series.
3106	However, the budget contained no concrete measures.
3107	However, the company has made strides in this area and reported exceptional progress in the recent quarter.
3108	However, the company is also constantly adding new series for fans to check out.
3109	However, the company “never expressly refuted” the claims about its software revenue.
3110	However, the creation of Indigenous reserves in Peru follows a lengthy and thorough anthropological study to support the existence of isolated peoples in a region.
3111	However, the market suggests otherwise, with the 5-year Forward Inflation Expectations Rate hitting its highest level in well over a year recently.
3112	However, the Oireachtas Committee on Foreign Affairs and Defence also heard concerns about the reduction in headcount within the forces.
3113	However, the only condition is that you need to create a separate Wi-Fi network to which the devices that your kid – be it a smartphone, laptop, tablet, or even a smart TV, for that matter – are connected.
3114	However, the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), and a few state governors, having reflected on their years in office as they wind up, took this step to apologise to the people they governed.
3115	However, there are red flags I’ve noticed while walking around the building so far and through the community Snapchat page relating to the Rowan Class of 2027.
3116	However, there are still some outstanding renewals.
3117	However, the regulator will also be able to step in and force arbitration if the Premier League, the EFL and the Football Association are unable to reach a new settlement on how top-flight finances support the game at lower levels.
3118	However, there is one small consideration to make.
3119	However, there’s risk involved in using generative AI tools for data mining.
3120	However, there was a high discontinuation rate among those taking the medications.
3121	However, the rise in cash balance is primarily due to additional debt raised, as heavy negative operating cash flows in 2020 of $6.5 billion almost completely wiped out positive operating cash flows in 2019, 2021, and 2022.
3122	However, the security agencies could not anticipate the likely target of the militants or trace their movement.
3123	However, the status of Delaney’s nomination for a New Hampshire seat on the circuit court remains in limbo after a months-long campaign led by New Hampshire Sens.
3124	However the UK’s central bank continues to highlight the importance of notes and coins, and in 2022 acknowledged it remains a valued form of money for many.
3125	However, the wording of Article 44A(1) of the Public Health Act referred to the “charge of a breach of any order” and also to “any person charged with an offence”.
3126	However, they hope to do something special to mark it, even if it is a more sombre event.
3127	However this weekend will see the rivals go head to head for the Aspidistra Radnorshire Cup.
3128	However those rallying outside of the Peter Street intake centre said it’s far too little and while JVS does important work, money specifically required to address refugees sleeping on the streets needs to flow to the city.
3129	However, to add to their grief, Peters was given an award for depicting the man that murdered their family members.
3130	However, VanderVeen says, overall, the plan notes the majority of LMC’s facilities are in good condition.
3131	However, we are not without the means to address these issues.
3132	However, we would like to see a pullback before buying, given the strong rally in recent months (the stock was at $13.10 in early November).
3133	However, we would recommend certain materials for sleeping, for example, in the summer months a lightweight non-wired bra is best to reduce sweating and therefore mean you’re more comfortable and your skin can breathe.
3134	However, what we really need now is more people to volunteer to deliver meals.
3135	However, with the reported 90-percent learning poverty rate in the Philippines, it is evident that high-quality education remains elusive for many children.
3136	However you tweak your home’s look, there’s one last thing the experts agree should be part of the process: Clean everything.
3137	How Hip-Hop Changed the Music Businesswsj.
3138	How long before Leysa starts popping heads from her perch?
3139	How long does the inspection in that state take that you need to drop it off somewhere?
3140	How many people went missing in Jalisco?
3141	How much do you think he is worth in the current market?
3142	How much should I leave my stepdaughter in my will?
3143	How much slower?
3144	How much was that flat-screen TV?
3145	How much would you have to get paid to put that thing in your ear?
3146	How safe is your street?
3147	How Shakespearean is it all?
3148	How soon things can change.
3149	How WCW was on the decline with a roster loaded with starts while WWF was on the rise with a limited roster.
3150	Huge changes planned for Australian pet owners with animal.
3151	Huge chops in the corner before tagging in Juice Robinson.
3152	Huge congratulations to the NSW Liberals for taking a stand.
3153	Hughes, while addressing the court, said his client’s behaviour was an “impulsive reaction” to his daughter’s inappropriate behaviour.
3154	Hug the children in your life and tell them that you love them.
3155	Hull FC play their 300th game at the MKM Stadium this weekend.
3156	Human-caused environmental disasters and chemical spills play into the social determinants of health.
3157	Human Rights Watch said earlier that the banning of the documentary reflected a broader crackdown on minorities under the Modi government, which the rights group said has frequently invoked draconian laws to muzzle criticism.
3158	Humans are hardwired to find solutions to challenges, but we are the ultimate arbiters of a new piece of hardware’s or software’s effectiveness and impact.
3159	Hume running for top spot creates an internal contest that would incentivise the Right faction to select voting delegates who oppose Hume.
3160	Hundreds of friends paid tribute to Alfie in the comments.
3161	Hundreds of youths yesterday flocked to Golden Peacock Hotel in Lilongwe where an Israeli agent is recruiting people to work in Israel under a labour export arrangement with the Malawi Government.
3162	Hunter Biden, 53, is accused of illegal ownership of a gun while addicted to drugs, as well as making a false statement to purchase a firearm and making a false statement related to information required to be kept by federal firearms licensed dealers.
3163	HUNTER Community Forum (HCF) has dropped its legal fight against the 155-unit Sovereign Park development on the old NBN site, after its request for an injunction to stop building works was dismissed in court.
3164	Hunter River Agricultural and Horticultural Association committee member Bronwyn O'Neill said a team of volunteers had put the art prize back on the agenda and hoped it would become a show staple in the future.
3165	HUTCHINSON: No, I did.
3166	Hyderabad FC came into the game with nothing less than a win that would help their cause in the League Shield Winners race, but were kept in check by the Islanders throughout the game.
3167	‘I accepted whatever he said.’
3168	I achieved what needed to be achieved, and I wouldn’t have got there without the support of my tutors."
3169	“I agreed to do this for a little while because I never thought the city would let this go on,” Gomberg said, after almost five months of volunteering.
3170	I also got to know that the party has taken disciplinary action against some of these members who participated in anti-party activities that led to my loss in the election.
3171	“I always shop Hanna first for my kids’ swimsuits,” says Rose Gordon Sala, the baby and kids gear editor at Forbes Vetted and a mom to three children.
3172	“I Am a Jedi, Like My Father Before Me”
3173	I am an advocate for students, including my own children.
3174	“I am confident of becoming the president of the WFI because I have the support of at least 42 of the 50 members of the electoral college.
3175	I am gay and was dating cis men – that was never going to feel like home.
3176	“I am going to defeat Donald Trump on my own,” she told Fox News.
3177	I am going to revive the website at some point, probably in the fairly near future.
3178	I am making a call that you fight against criminals who have declared war against South Africans and the government,” Cele said.
3179	I am not Arte Moreno, nor am I Angels general manager Perry Minasian.
3180	I am not quite sure how they handled those 40-plus years ago, but I can inform you today, STAY in your vehicle until instructed to do otherwise.
3181	I am not sure UBS is overly interested in taking over the whole of Credit Suisse.
3182	I am patiently waiting upon him."
3183	“I am the viable Trump alternative,” he said.
3184	I am usually the fastest mover in a situation, but one of my resolutions has been to take more time to digest things before I react.
3185	I am very optimistic that by the end of this year, these things can come into being, and, by early next year, we can start the production of hemp,” the minister disclosed.
3186	Ian Gibson, aged 77, is a British comic book artist known Judge Dredd, Robo-Hunter and The Ballad of Halo Jones with Alan Moore.
3187	Ian Smyth, chief executive officer at Electricity North West, said: "This is a really exciting time for us and for the region.
3188	"I appreciate there is a range of factors affecting the progress of these matters, but none of them are particularly ground-breaking and would go a long way into making the park safer for residents."
3189	I asked if I could remain as a shadow member which took months to be considered, and eventually a 'no' answer was returned with no explanation as to why.
3190	I believe community is like social currency.
3191	I believe he will win the election because he is a good man.
3192	I believe PL continues to offer attractive long-term upside potential.
3193	I believe that a retirement plan should serve its intended purpose—RETIREMENT!
3194	I believe that having geographic flexibility is a positive feature of UTF due to being able to invest where they want in what they feel is the best deal.
3195	IBM Watson sets itself apart from other chatbots by training over a billion Wikipedia words.
3196	I can bet being the high profile athlete she was she is at one of the best hospitals in Los Angeles which isn't hard to guess even though her daughter says she is being treated at an undisclosed hospital.
3197	"I can confirm we have proposed some changes to continue to reshape our business so that we remain competitive, efficient as well as effective in the way we work," a Telstra spokesman told 9news.
3198	I can’t count the number of times I’ve seen “146-121” come across the ticker, and typically the winning side was up by 20 for at least a half if not more.
3199	‘I can’t do more.
3200	I can’t focus; I can’t get things done; my mood changes; I don’t want to be around people; and sometimes, I just sit around and cry a lot.”
3201	I can't imagine the food court being more than $2 million.
3202	"I can't say I'm not thinking about it because it takes up every part of my head space but when I'm around the lads and at the club it's normal and that's fine because we're preparing for a football match.
3203	“I can’t wait to go home…I deliberately arranged to be as far away as possible from you people.
3204	"Icepacks can vary in price, of course, and they can be bought individually if you have limited freezer space or are not keen on a whole batch of them rattling around.
3205	I challenge you to find another country that faces such unwarranted scrutiny and undue criticism as Israel does.
3206	Icons Unearthed: Marvel release Tuesdays on Vice TV.
3207	“I could now see Jake through the damaged door, and he had a smirk on his face, like he didn’t care what he was doing.
3208	I couldn’t bear that, and I was not ready.
3209	I couldn’t quite believe it really,” he said.
3210	I’d appreciate your advice on how to handle this.
3211	I'd assume that they have some mechanism for making sure the money doesn't go unused if the awardee doesn't attend, but that could be incorrect.
3212	“I’d been there a few moments earlier and had been talking to the warden outside.
3213	Ideally, it should match the actual image size when displayed on the page.
3214	I didn't feel anything although I did wake up around that point.
3215	I didn’t hate the Divine Beasts in Breath Of The World but they were a bit lightweight compared to a proper dungeon and I don’t know why they didn’t just make them like usual.
3216	I didn’t know how.
3217	“I didn't know it was so big and I didn't realize there were so many different moving parts involved.
3218	“I didn’t realize it was my responsibility to decide what was appropriate for every kid to see,” she sings.
3219	“I didn’t really realise how crazy it was until I started university and me and my friends started talking about our daily routines back at home.
3220	I distinctly remember an upcoming game at the time against Stafford Rangers and thinking how we always lost to them but then questioning myself as to whether that was true or not and deciding to find out!
3221	I'd like to say 'thank you' to my friends.
3222	I do not mean that everybody feels that way.
3223	“I don’t care how trans people want to live their life, I just think there should be transparency,” she said.
3224	“I don’t have an account in dollars, I was paid through a restaurant friend of the owners, who does have an offshore account,” he said.
3225	“I don’t know how he is perceived here in Mexico,” Cherundolo said Tuesday.
3226	“I don’t know if I want to ask staff to spend all this time on that and I also don’t, I’m not too sure if I want at this time to create an adversarial relationship with Metro.
3227	I don’t know is how much money,” the teenager said.
3228	I don’t know what’s worse him doing it on purpose to disrespect her or him doing it by mistake cause he can’t handle a woman in power.
3229	I don't know what to forecast," he said.
3230	I don’t like her,” she said.
3231	… I don’t think he felt right moving.”
3232	I don’t think I’ve seen a nine-run inning in a long time.”
3233	“I don’t think this is an impossible task,” she said.
3234	"I don't want her suffering too much wear and tear and for me it's all about the money."
3235	“I don’t want people to think the job I left was a bad job,” she said.
3236	'I don't want them to pick us,' Jackson said.
3237	I don’t want to be overly dramatic, but my happy place now feels like a plague house (OK, fine, I do want to be overly dramatic).
3238	“I’d rather have to worry about my license or my homework rather than dying in school.”
3239	Idris Anderson, of Ingram Road, Sheffield, was charged with conspiracy to supply Class A drugs, crack cocaine and heroin and possession of criminal property.
3240	"I'd say that to allow enough space to be able to go into their premises and be able to move around.
3241	I’d try to lose weight before a big event or holiday, but it would be a quick fix and I always ended up back where I started as soon as I started eating ‘normally’ again.
3242	“I ended up placing second or third at the event, and I was, like, dang, I can hang with these big guys,” Kasel said.
3243	I enjoy the set-up, the discovery aspect, and how it supports artists by providing context around their songs and telling their stories.
3244	If anyone has booked for either of these two shows, we will honour your bookings for another showing today or this week.
3245	If anyone participating on today's call does not have a full text copy of our press release announcing these results, you can retrieve it from the company's website at www.streamlinehealth.net or from numerous financial websites.
3246	If a short seller does not own all or any of the shares at the time of settlement, a FTD situation can occur.
3247	If a viewer missed such an episode in its initial run, they would be lost.
3248	"If customers can shop sustainably and it's good value, they'll choose those items," she said.
3249	I feel just the same way.
3250	I feel like everyone is putting a lot of efforts and we are a kind of volunteer, community-based event who are nonprofit, so everyone here in this organization really cares about the festival,” Ninh said.
3251	I feel like I’m about to be asked to leave my current job, which will be inconvenient.
3252	I feel like I’ve had actually some real breakthroughs over the last couple of months.
3253	"I feel like this is long overdue," said Chairwoman of the Jamul Indian Village of California Erica Pinto.
3254	"I feel pretty confident we can win games a lot of ways," Kapler said.
3255	I feel so proud of having helped shape Jersey’s exciting dining scene.
3256	I felt for him.
3257	If England are at the races — and I expect them to turn up with a big performance — then there is every chance of an upset.
3258	If gig workers are self-employed, they must pay all Social Security and Medicare taxes on their income from the gig activity.
3259	“If he (Pope Francis) is coming here and he tells us that marriage of the same sex, homosexuality, is legal, we will say no,” Michael Makuei Lueth, South Sudan’s information minister, said after the pope’s AP interview and ahead of his visit.
3260	“If, however, an issue is identified in public parks or a housing estate etc., it will be dealt with appropriately and the council’s Landscape Architect is available to advise and support any specific, identified, areas of concern regarding Ash Dieback.”
3261	I figured I had to be extra professional in an effort to meet the orchestra on their terrain.
3262	I figured someone surrounded with as many oligarchs as him and clinging to historical prestige from futurist megaprojects like the space race would be up to his eyebrows in chasing next big thing.
3263	If Imo people should comply to this, there will be no election in Imo State and that will create chaos.
3264	“If I’m penalized because I have to pay a special tax, what are my competitors going to do?
3265	If I take my vegetables to the farmers market and I only sell half of that, that's not going to work for us," said Tchieng.
3266	"If it happens, we deal with it then."
3267	If I toss a fair coin, I know that it will come up heads half of the time on average.
3268	If never should have been started.
3269	I followed a lot of news, non-governmental organizations and activists.
3270	“If one don’t have, we call each other, and then we try to make enough so everybody can eat,” Larry said.
3271	If other games were as massive and detailed as this I’d be all for reusing maps more like this.
3272	I founded a speaker’s bureau and now we have a team of speakers that we’ve been in over 3,000 schools, in front of more than 2 million students, and that’s one of the reasons it was so natural.
3273	I found this most notable in the last Holyrood election, where social media played a massive part in campaigning and reaching out to the electorate.
3274	If people don’t vote against Trump in droves to overcome the electoral college, this country will go the way of other former democracies.
3275	If people love cats, why are there 3m domesticated cats () in the Netherlands, but only European wildcats (Felis silvestris silvestris)?
3276	If radio stations were inclined to play a 10-minute song, the extended version of the song would likely have gone No. 1, given the Swifties’ affinity for the track.
3277	If she does race in Istanbul, she will turn 21 during the championships and, judging by her 600m in Manchester, her lifetime bests of 1:57.20 (indoors) and 1:55.88 (outdoors) look like being broken.
3278	If so – and I hope I’m wrong – we’ll miss the “narrow path” to the sought-after “soft landing” and hit the ground with a bang.
3279	If somebody had just recognised my humanity as a child and not a child prodigy, perhaps I would’ve decided to display the diploma I worked so hard for after all.
3280	If something doesn’t feel right, quite often it isn’t so please trust your instincts and tell us what you know.
3281	If successful, the six-story building will include 147 studio apartments, including six accessible flats and one larger apartment.
3282	If tarantula does win, we’ll make sure however we decide to incorporate it, it won’t be scary looking.
3283	If Thai Revenue were to clarify unambiguously that previously taxed income would not be retaxed, the issue would largely die.
3284	If that’s the case in which Watson will be deposed on Monday, it clearly hasn’t been dismissed.
3285	If the audience talks the theme will spread.”
3286	If the country really wishes to progress, then citizens need to adhere to regular working practices or be left behind by the rest of the world.
3287	If the goal of the firm is to make money for shareholders, it develops and processes and systems that collectively lead to the achievement of that goal.
3288	If the land belongs to Concord, then a third party should purchase the land outright and develop it.
3289	If the liability was ‘grave’ two Tuesdays ago, what changed?”
3290	If the measure proposed devoting the money to a specific purpose, however, two-thirds approval would be needed.
3291	If the party continues to create an Eskom in its own image, there is no hope of movement.
3292	If there is even a vetting department, their perspective is probably that this kind of fundraiser is helping a distressed gender-dysphoric patient raise the money she needs for the urgent care she requires.
3293	If there's an example of an MCU film that makes an outstanding case for how to establish MCU versions of heroes that have already appeared in other studio franchises, it's Spider-Man: No Way Home.
3294	'If there's a silence after that on the broadcast version, it must be because I swore at him in response, and they've now cut that out!'
3295	If there was any controversial manga that deserves an adaptation, I Love You, So I Kill You is worthy.
3296	'If these die, the people could suffocate before the oxygen even runs out as the toxic gas fills their lungs.
3297	If the U.S. Supreme Court bans the consideration of race in college admissions, enrollment of minority groups at selective colleges will likely stall or decline — even if the schools give more weight to factors such as class, a new study found.
3298	If they cover everything and we sit back and go, ‘wow,’ then that’s really good.
3299	If they lose an eighth as embarrassingly as that 7-0 last term, Ten Hag will be left in a perilous position.
3300	If Trump’s endorsement of McCarthy was a test of his hold on the House Republican Conference, the vote results suggest he’s lost his grip.
3301	"I fully expect that all eyes will be on this episode at the next Academy Awards ceremony."
3302	If voter turnout remains unchanged from last year’s, a candidate would need about 140,000 votes to snag 25 per cent of the vote – or just over seven per cent of eligible voters.
3303	“If we don’t change, we don’t grow.
3304	If we don’t take any action now, the prediction by March 31 next year (2024) is this council will have a zero budget risk reserve balance.
3305	“If we find somebody we feel that can fit, that’d be great.”
3306	If we had Chinese troops lining up along our southern border with weapons aimed at our people, with weapons of mass destruction aimed at our cities, you damned well know you would do something about it.
3307	If Xylazine is present, Risser said it can cause blood vessels to constrict, starving the skin of blood and oxygen even beyond the injection sites.
3308	If you are interested in adopting, fill out an adoption application or stop in and visit the pet of your choice.
3309	If you are not planning and thinking about the future, how can you expect to have one?
3310	If you are unable to attend the service and wish to commemorate your loved one, you can send a message to Loved.
3311	If you can prevent your dog with isolation distress/separation anxiety from ever reaching a point of panic, you can slowly, gradually acclimate them to longer and longer periods of time alone.
3312	“If you can speak, you can sing.
3313	“If you care about getting more people into the labor force, this is exactly where we need to focus our attention.”
3314	If you check the ratio of Nigeria’s education budget to our GDP, it’s one of the lowest in the world.”
3315	If you continually miss payments, a lender can sell your debt to a collection agency that may charge its own fees and aggressively pursue you through emails and phone calls.
3316	If you dig down deep enough to reach a layer spiked with metal pull tabs, you’ll know it was deposited in the late 1960s, when the lake was filling.
3317	“If you do not have to travel, be prepared for today rather than tomorrow.”
3318	If you don’t have that amount ready to sock away in a checking account, Citi also offers bonuses starting at $200 for a $10,000 minimum deposit.
3319	If you don’t have your password, but you have your seedphrase, will you still be able to access your fault?
3320	If you don’t join the bandwagon in being given to politics and so on, you are likely to have peace of mind and move at your own pace in your vocation.
3321	If you don’t recognize any of them, it’s likely that he has been hiding them from you.
3322	If you earned a bank sign-up bonus or interest, you need to set aside some of it for taxes.
3323	If you ever have roof or chimney inspections done, make yourself visible and vocal throughout the inspection.
3324	If you feel like every time you step out the door you're haemorrhaging cash, but you're sick of staying in, then we've got just the thing for you.
3325	If you followed Baba Sala’s production very well, you would remember a character called Kariile.
3326	If you get the chance to visit, grab it with both hands."
3327	If you give a task two weeks to complete, it will take two weeks.
3328	If you graduate from college, you will have the resources to pay it back.
3329	If you hadn't heard already, much of the world (including the US) is in the midst of a new COVID surge—and are avoiding crowded spaces and wearing masks again.
3330	“If you had told me a year ago I’d be doing this, zero percent chance and a sanity check would have been my response,” he said with a laugh.
3331	If you have any concerns, please call us on 0330 303 0368.”
3332	If you haven’t caught the episodes yet, this is a spoiler-free conversation that details how this first season, starring Priyanka Chopra Jonas, interconnects with the subsequent installments in Italy and India.
3333	If you know the model, include that in your search.
3334	“If you lived in an environment that was overpoliced, what did that do to your mental health?
3335	If you play, you know what I mean.
3336	If you're a Prince fan, you should definitely check it out!
3337	If your Easter celebration takes place between morning and noon, here’s a bright springy dish to kick off your holiday and will have you and your family hopping for joy.
3338	“If you’re at Skechers, we’re not pulling from anybody else,” he said.
3339	If you’re having a hard time choosing between services, at least Philo offers a seven-day free trial.
3340	If you're looking for a basic robot vacuum that will automatically clean for you, but don't need all the bells and whistles of fancier models, the may be the right fit.
3341	If you’re not going to Alabama and you’re like, ‘Hey y’all,’ then you’re out.
3342	If you're not into the pleated skort design seen in the last slide, perhaps this one's more up your alley.
3343	If you’re purchasing an item from someone through Facebook Marketplace, be sure to use the official payment system embedded in the marketplace.
3344	If your Logitech webcam has a USB-A connector, it should fit directly into the USB port on your MacBook Air.
3345	"If you suffer from any type of headache, BUY THIS.
3346	“If you suffer from pain when wearing high heels, you should avoid wearing them and have your feet checked for any underlying issues,” Saw said.
3347	If you think the Great Resignation is over, think again.
3348	If you throw your head back from that position, the ball is going nowhere.
3349	"If you’ve been thinking about treating yourself or a loved one to something nice – now is your chance to do so while supporting local.”
3350	If you've ever watched the winter Olympics and seen the curling and thought 'yes, an Olympic sport I can actually do!' then this class is for you.
3351	If you’ve stumped up enough for a deposit, then say hello to Figures reported in this newspaper in February showed that the average hourly cost of childcare in London for toddlers had jumped by 13 per cent in four years, reaching £7.30.
3352	If you want a brighter smile, you can choose between whitening toothpaste, whitening pens, whitening gels or LED devices.
3353	If you want that iPhone so as to be able to hack iOS while using it, however, Apple is now offering just that opportunity.
3354	If you want "troubling," how about the latest revelations about the man James Comer and virtually the entire Republican caucus in Congress is supporting for president, Donald Trump?
3355	If you wish to testify online, you must register using the links included in the schedule below.
3356	If you work it out, they give you roughly minimum wage.
3357	I gave extra details of both resus as they were required'.
3358	I gave her plenty of reasons, excuses, and opportunities to walk her fine a** out the doooooooor.
3359	Ige said in the news release that she looks forward to “bringing all that I have learned” to the new challenge.
3360	I get no kickback from this, but if they want to pay me, I’m on board, man.
3361	I got a job at a school district, really loved the job.
3362	"I go to click on a picture in my dm an you know how on Twitter it don't show you the picture till you click on it," the rap star further elaborated.
3363	“I﻿ got suspended for that,” Thaiday said on Nine.
3364	I got through the audition without stumbling, and was even complimented on my "growl".
3365	I got to just get back.
3366	"I got to watch some of the dancing and catch up with them all.
3367	I grew up here.”
3368	I grew up listening to my elders recount stories of first contact with the government and incursions on our land.
3369	I guess a kitchen object might be considered my most useful.
3370	I guess I just naturally was channeling Gloria and just her energy.
3371	I guess it’s true what they say: “You can’t fix unlikable.”
3372	I guess there's overlap between civil liberties people and conspiracy nutters, but he never struck me as all the sloppy.
3373	I had a chance to take over and make a difference."
3374	I had a question about how to turn on the RGB keyboard lighting, and so I used the service to get an answer.
3375	I had full closure.
3376	“I had people calling and messaging from all over England and Wales wanting a table,” says Hamza, 24, of the reaction to appearing on Saturday’s cover with her favourite dish, vine leaves, from the menu at Arabic Flavour.
3377	I had the advantage.
3378	I have a friend who once bought a car with cash when I was in a less legitimate business.
3379	“I have always warned.
3380	“I have a problem with any entity that does not follow the conservation criteria already in place to protect the environment.
3381	“I have even more of an admiration for what he did through those hard times.”
3382	“I have had CEOs from different parts of the country telling me “Can we have some of the asylum seekers in our community because we can’t get anybody to go to work?'
3383	I have no clue what they’re trying to do.
3384	“I have no doubt that this will produce both synergistic and multiplier effects on our defence and security efforts going forward,” he said.
3385	“I have no regrets in following what the lawyers have told me what they want me to do – it’s exactly what we’re doing,” he added.
3386	I haven't had my third espresso yet.
3387	“I have to go, but I’ll be back!” the man says.
3388	I have to mention my brilliant audiobook narrator Lauren Fortgang.
3389	"I have to put wellies on to go to my bin if it's been drizzling and when it freezes in the next few weeks it will be so dangerous.
3390	I have visited several of these lodges and you should check them out yourself: https://www.
3391	I hear about the right to “fair comment” and I nod in agreement.
3392	I honestly can’t remember the last time a wrestler shined in a squash match as much as Reed did.
3393	I honestly just needed a break from it all.
3394	“I hope events can still take place.
3395	I hope my sunflower grows big and strong, her poem concludes.
3396	“I hope schools in North Devon will participate in this important campaign.
3397	I hope they share any news of what they need to get back in business so the community can help.
3398	“I invested ₹3,000 in mosquito repellents last month,” said Sekar, a resident of MMDA Colony.
3399	I jumped out of bed immediately," said Qamariah, a 41-year-old housewife in Central Sulawesi's Malei village.
3400	“I just don’t think they compare and that is the frustrating side of the criminal justice system when you look at things from that perspective.”
3401	I just feel like as a mum now, grabbing a matching set makes things easy," she said.
3402	“I just felt in complete and utter shock and it’s still now an utter ‘pinch me’ moment.”
3403	“I just hope he gets better.”
3404	“I just started taking my workouts seriously, and I also started taking my nutrition seriously.
3405	“I just think we’re in this together.
3406	I just thought "I'm 54 and I'm a woman – go on hit me.
3407	I just thought ‘this is not my life’.
3408	I just wanna hang out at basecamp, grow a beard, drink hot chocolate.
3409	I just went through a breakup but I was talking to her about that.
3410	“I just work here.
3411	I kept thinking: there has to be a better way, there has to be something else I can do.'
3412	I knew I could finish out the hole and make par no matter what.
3413	"I know a lot of people are like, 'Oh, she's such a bratty teenager,'" Desjardins told Mashable in a Zoom interview.
3414	“I know everything is happening for a reason.
3415	I know how good the group of lads in there are.
3416	I know it’s intentional, but I’m still at a place where I appreciate the intention.
3417	“I know there are utilities on (Colorado Highway 257) on the east side of the site,” he said.
3418	I learned back then what the fastest and most secure ways were to put up yard signs, and I learned that phone banking is a very, very thankless occupation for a campaign volunteer.
3419	Ilebaye had an outburst accusing Whitemoney of preventing her from using the music set Big Brother provided for the wager.
3420	Ilika said Thursday its pretax loss widened for fiscal 2023 after booking higher costs, and that it plans to invest around 1.9 million pounds ($2.5 million) in capital equipment using funds raised in 2021.
3421	“I like doing things my own way and I have always been confident with that, especially as I get older.”
3422	I liked the way SPB sir used to resort to alphabetical order.”
3423	I like teams whose players don’t sob at their lockers wondering why their opponent didn’t draw a taunting penalty.
3424	I like to spread it on a digestive biscuit, with its own roasted, malty flavours and a hint of salt; the crumbly texture of the biscuit also nicely offsets the smooth ganache.
3425	I literally thought I would die because I was so sad.
3426	"I'll develop something.
3427	“Ill-discipline really hurt us tonight again – a yellow card and a couple of penalties put us at the wrong end of the field and you just can’t win Test matches playing that sort of rugby,” said dejected co-captain James Slipper.
3428	I’ll have to go back to the lab and figure it out.”
3429	Illinois was penalized 14 times for 139 yards and had a player ejected for spitting on an Indiana player, and the Hoosiers had seven penalties for 80 yards.
3430	"I look at what I've not done rather than blaming everyone else.
3431	"I look back, and I'm like, why was I so hard on myself?" the actor said.
3432	I look up to Kody not only as a first responder but also family, anytime I have an issue, need courage or even have a silly fire/EMS question I go to him!
3433	“I loved the very name of my character, Vannamayil; she’s a young girl from the suburbs.”
3434	“I love municipal government work and hold my responsibility to our taxpayers very highly.
3435	I love reading, playing badminton and swimming.
3436	I love the Western genre, as you do.
3437	I love to drink lots of water — bring your own bottle!"
3438	I love Trump, but we’ve already given him so much money.
3439	"I'm a big nerd from New York City, and here was this hero who was a big nerd from Jersey City, writing fan fiction the way I used to when I was that age," DaCosta shared when asked about Kamala Khan.
3440	I’m active in sports and for my parents, it is important I study and play.
3441	“Imagine what it’ll be when they start to clear the reservoir properly, but that likely will be a logging company because that’s big money.”
3442	Imam Hussain Tsoho Ikara’s teachings encapsulate a holistic approach to spiritual guidance and ethical conduct.
3443	I'm a sex addict.
3444	“I’m comin’,” she said.
3445	I'm curious if you can give us a little bit more specifics on that?
3446	I mean, first, I think my comment would be, it's two different decisions.
3447	I mean my question is, do you think 1101 could show a rapid-acting effect within weeks one or two, for instance, similar to what the drug has shown in epilepsy.
3448	I mean, that was a unique situation.
3449	"I mean, those three sides that we play, Hereford, Chester and Alfreton will be looking to get in the play-offs, so it's a difficult start but it'll be a good gauge for where we are.
3450	I mean we are ideally in our best days and we hope we can grow faster than the industry grows.
3451	I'm enjoying my cricket at the moment and I feel I'm in a good place with bat and ball so hopefully I can just keep helping us win games of cricket.
3452	I’m happy here and I intend to stay here and help Liverpool FC.
3453	I'm honored, I'm very appreciative of it."
3454	I miss him too.
3455	“I’m just reclaiming back the symbol,” she said.
3456	I’m just telling a story to see what it is.”
3457	I'm just trying to understand where premium rates -- kind of base premium rates kind of settle out.
3458	I'm just wondering like, aren't you tempted to do so.
3459	I'm learning so much and still have a lot to understand, but what I know now at five years in is leaps and bounds more than I did when I first started.
3460	I',m looking forward to participating again.
3461	Immigrant rights advocates have blamed the rise in deaths at the border on policies that have made it more difficult for immigrants to seek asylum in the United States.
3462	“I’m moving because I’d like to be in a little bigger community that’s a little more connected to the world,” he said.
3463	I’m not looking for appointments under Tinubu but I can nominate eople.
3464	I’m not qualified enough to go into it but that’s just an intuitive sense.”
3465	I'm not real far from Kayla.
3466	I’m not really a political person, so it’s not really the top thing on my mind, but it’s definitely an issue that I read up about every now and then.
3467	"I'm obsessed with this colour on me.
3468	"Imogen hears about her daddy from all his family and friends.
3469	I’m one of only two seats that are in Melbourne.
3470	Impeach and clean up all PF thieves and misconducts.
3471	Impulse buys are probably best – or at least the most enjoyable!
3472	“I’m sitting there, and all of a sudden a racquetball rolled by the door,” he said.
3473	I'm sorry but I don't have a lot of confidence in President Biden's personal lawyers."
3474	“I’m so sorry to be calling you this late and to be calling you from my personal, private cell phone, but I had to call to let you know that I’m a prophet and God often speaks to me through dreams and visions,” Munford’s voice message continues.
3475	I’m speaking of those who are effectively out of the market for the foreseeable future.
3476	I’m sure all the players of color on the Saints team are really happy that proven racist Jon Gruden is now working with Carr and the O-coaches.
3477	I’m sure it makes you feel good to know Kotek stays cool, powered by the evil fossil fuel, when YOUR lights go out.
3478	“I’m sure (the referees) saw it differently.
3479	"I'm sure we all know why we've gathered here today."
3480	'I'm sure we could in the future but after we have been together first.
3481	“I’m talking about gang conflict.
3482	I’m talking about the soul of Chicago because that same soul spurred two immigrants from Guatemala to Humboldt Park, where they raised a daughter named Delia Ramirez, who would grow up to make our city proud as a member of the United States Congress.
3483	I'm thankful to God that everything didn't escalate as far as it could have (gone).
3484	“I’m thinking ‘right, we’ve got something to play with here’, and then that (second) goal has absolutely killed us.
3485	I'm totally shocked."
3486	I must say it is a very addictive one (winning a cup) and it has become a virus in the locker-room in a good way.
3487	“I’m very concerned that it looks a lot like 1936 all over again,” he added.
3488	“I’m very excited to go to the UK.
3489	I’m very hopeful that these vital local jobs can still be saved - and work is ongoing to make this happen.”
3490	In 1934, the Soviets surprisingly granted permission to 28 Jews to travel to Uman for Rosh Hashanah.
3491	In 1964, Housing 21 was formed to house older and disabled ex-servicemen and widows.
3492	In 1986 he founded Applied Statistics to develop and sell the software, electronics, and tools to implement Statistical Process Controls for manufacturing processes.
3493	In 1994, Mishra came back to his cadre of Income Tax and was posted in for a nine-year stint.
3494	In 2007, LA Galaxy threw a welcome party for the couple at the Museum of Contemporary Art - which was attended by Katie Holmes, Tom Cruise and Will and Jada Smith.
3495	In 2011, Steve Jobs, the Apple founder and former chief executive who’d invented and master-marketed ever sleeker gadgets that transformed everyday technology from the personal computer to the iPod and iPhone, died in Palo Alto, California at age 56.
3496	In 2013, Carmelo achieved the title of Scoring Champion, highlighting his prowess as a top-notch scorer.
3497	In 2013, Minister for Electricity announced that Chin State would have access to electricity by the following year.
3498	In 2014 they moved to Mauriceville TX. where they built a beautiful home and life together.
3499	In 2016, Sri Lanka displayed a 238-foot-tall artificial Christmas tree in their capital city, Colombo.
3500	In 2017, all but 10 members of the Houston Texans took a knee during the national anthem, reacting to a remark from team owner Bob McNair to other NFL owners that “we can’t have the inmates running the prison.”
3501	In 2018, Friends of the Earth (FOE), a grassroots environmental group, released a report that posed critical questions about the trend toward synthetic biology.
3502	In 2018, Patel lost election to Mahendra Hardia with margin of 1,132 votes.
3503	In 2020, Proposition 19 capped the value of family homes that could be inherited with their Prop 13 tax base to $1 million.
3504	In 2021, Burrington Estates embarked on ambitious growth plans boosted by a £15.5m investment from main shareholder BGF Group Plc to expand its residential portfolio.
3505	In 2021, the U.S. Department of Agriculture that foreign investors held about 40 million acres of U.S. agricultural land.
3506	In 2022, Hispanic radio experienced a growth rate of 8.8%, surpassing the 8.6% growth rate of the overall US market.
3507	In 2022, this renaissance became undeniable.
3508	In 2022, XRLV has lost about 4.77%, an exemplary performance by present-day standards, assuming IVV was down by 18.6%, underperforming the Invesco fund every month except for May, July, and October.
3509	“In 2024 I will vote for Umkhonto we Sizwe (MK) party — it has already been registered with the IEC, with my knowledge and blessings.
3510	In a “20/20” interview with Diane Sawyer last year, Perry estimated that he went through detox 65 times and went to rehab 15 times and recounted nearly dying after he was hospitalized for a perforated bowel in 2018.
3511	In a 2020 joint interview with his wife for The Rachael Ray Show website, John stated, “I used to work in New York City as an entertainment lawyer, mainly in film.
3512	In a bid to reduce human interface challenges in the energy sector, t…
3513	In addition, New Zealand is also experiencing significant growth and is expected to increase up to $10.12 billion by 2027.
3514	In addition, Oracle has “already begun inspecting TikTok’s source code and will have unprecedented access to the related algorithms and data models.
3515	In addition, RUN has experienced a significant deceleration in Solar Energy Capacity Installed during 3Q FY2023, with growth narrowed to just 1% YoY, down sharply from the 20% growth in 2Q FY2023.
3516	In addition, some property owners have also had their water heaters, faucets, shower heads, toilets, or washing machines destroyed by high water pressure when their pressure-reducing valves fail.
3517	“In addition, South Africa will succeed China as chair and host of the next BRICS Summit, during which, we hope to receive his excellency, President Xi Jinping in South Africa.
3518	In addition, the program can be loaded onto a USB stick so you can always have it handy when moving around.
3519	In addition to Bad Bunny, the episode features a chat with Charli D’Amelio.
3520	In addition to flexible premiums, principal protection and index-linked growth, IULs can offer a variety of other benefits.
3521	In addition to the Energy Department, the F.B.I. has also concluded, with moderate confidence, that the virus first emerged accidentally from the Wuhan Institute of Virology, a Chinese lab that worked on coronaviruses.
3522	In addition to the Stronger Connections Grant, they have applied to the federal Community-Oriented Policing (COP) grant – an established fund that provides assistance with the development of school safety resources.
3523	In addition, we would like to acknowledge and accept the shortcomings that have been witnessed in catering and the failure to meet our promise of high quality service.
3524	In a displacement camp in Mogadishu, Somalia, Mama Safiyo Muhumed Farah starts each day early by tending to her garden.
3525	“In adults, air pollution spikes can trigger heart attacks, they can trigger cardiac arrhythmias like atrial fibrillation, they can trigger cardiac deaths… and in children the principal risk is respiratory disease, especially asthma.”
3526	In a Facebook post, the OSP explained that the judge appears to be prejudiced against the institution.
3527	In a historic moment for Bhutan, three judokas from the Bhutan Judo Association (BJA) are poised to make their debut at the upcoming Asian Games in China, marking the first-ever participation by the country in the prestigious event.
3528	In all of them, as in the book, the main character, a human surviving in a world of vampire-ish creatures, dies.
3529	In amplifying those stories without upstaging her own, Barker’s memoir becomes an elegy — for the third girl on the left, and for the men she loved so well.
3530	In an article for a website called LeftLion based in her Nottingham East constituency, backbench Labour MP Ms Whittome pointed out that this May has brought three bank holidays – and so four-day weeks for many workers.
3531	In an attempt to troubleshoot the issue, workers deleted electronic communications from the first quarter of 2018, believing that safeguards were in place to prevent the deletion of any records required to be retained.
3532	In an effort to promote and enhance safety on Guyana’s roadways, the government on Friday launched the road safety diagnostic and action plan, at the Marriott Hotel, Kingston, Georgetown.
3533	In an email interview, McKillican explained that his agent had reached out to him a week after Spokane’s season ended to see if he was interested in playing somewhere overseas this winter.
3534	In an increasingly anti-woke world, sometimes a little wokeness is welcome.
3535	In an instant, the fortunes of the San Antonio Spurs changed in a big way.
3536	In an interview to PTI, Dr Sugata Bhattacharjee narrated the sordid events in the business class cabin of Flight AI102 on November 26, which have become front page news after they came to light last week.
3537	In announcing the release of Gemini, Google produced a set of videos to market the new AI, including a demonstration video showing Gemini responding rapidly and effortlessly to questions from an off-screen human user.
3538	In another scene, Stan (Robinson) becomes overly invested in a team-training scenario that imagines he’s mortal enemies with his co-worker Rick (Bardia Salimi) and commits to awkwardly acting out his hatred.
3539	In an unexpected twist, attorneys representing the developer of the beleaguered Chill Can project have filed motions asking they be withdrawn as its legal counsel.
3540	In appreciation of her generous contributions, time and resources to the church, the clergy at the Wesley Cathedral at Adum in Kumasi demonstrated their reverence by reserving a front row seat for the late queen mother.
3541	In a press release, the company defended itself against the accusations.
3542	In April, OpenAI rolled out a new update that allows users to turn off their chat history in its AI chatbot ChatGPT.
3543	In a recent Bigg Boss OTT 2 episode, Pooja Bhatt was seen talking to Bebika Dhurve when she shared that her father Mahesh Bhatt’s film Aashiqui was actually made on her parent's love story.
3544	In a report in June, he said: “It is unclear how legal culpability would be established in a scenario where an individual was radicalised (in part) by an AI system.
3545	In a ruling on Wednesday, Mr Justice Swift and Mr Justice Bright said that the “consultation was not expressly required” under the rules the LME follows.
3546	In as a late replacement for Idrissa Gueye.
3547	In a significant breakthrough, Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC) has received in-principle approval from the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change for the diversion of 12.7808 hectares of un-notified mangrove forest land.
3548	In a social media post earlier this year, Trump said Moreno “would not be easy to beat.”
3549	In a statement, a spokesperson from PWC said: “Despite extensive efforts, it has become clear that no significant part of the Wilko operations can be rescued as a going concern.
3550	In a statement, Greater Manchester Police said: "GMP are appealing for the public’s help to find Christopher Howe (01/12/1987) who is wanted on recall to prison.
3551	In a statement marking a year after the first case was reported in Malawi after a 30 year period, the WHO said more than 33 million children across five southern African countries that include have been vaccinated against the virus.
3552	In a statement, McCarthy asserted that he could not imagine anyone in his conference wanting to go along with Biden’s “reckless spending.”
3553	In a statement, President Joe Biden said he and first lady Jill Biden were mourning the six victims and praying for the survivors.
3554	In a study of mice, researchers found that the sweetener sucralose could reduce immune function.
3555	“In a time where legislation favors the criminal, our office has achieved justice for victims putting evil doers behind bars,” Allen noted.
3556	In at least three incidents, the victims were young girls.
3557	In attendance at the meeting were PML-N Rawalpindi Division President Malik Abrar, Ataullah Tarar, and Haneef Abbasi.
3558	In a vacuum, is a functional show with solid writing, decent animation and a fun storyline.
3559	In a video posted to Twitter, an activist holding a Just Stop Oil banner and wearing an orange high-vis jacket is seen standing in Holloway Road in Islington, north London, in front of a grey Renault, before falling down on to the street.
3560	In a wild second-period sequence, the Canucks were buzzing on the power play but couldn’t bury several opportunities.
3561	In a word, they’re scared of a dictatorship, and they worry that if they wait, it may be too late.”
3562	In beauty, we can expect ruddy blusher, wispy corner lashes, undone hair, and outgrown greys.”
3563	In Calcasieu Parish, Louisiana, several dozen SNAP participants rely on a separate federal program to help cover child-care and transportation costs to get to work, said Terek Polite, who oversees the program for the local government.
3564	In case this isn’t obvious, the then-president apparently wasn’t pointing to evidence of election irregularities or trying to convince local officials to pursue a recount.
3565	In case you hadn’t heard, Irish talent made a big splash at the 2023 Oscar nominations announced on January 24, scooping up more than a dozen nods across several categories.
3566	“In Chinese Medicine theory, the best way to treat hay fever will be to open the Lung Qi to expel the Wind-Heat,” she says.
3567	In closing, the prime minister called for more regular dialogue with business leaders, noting that he is always available to meet with them to discuss areas of mutual concern and benefit.
3568	In Colorado, like in many other states around the country, one reason you cannot discriminate against is sexual orientation.
3569	In comic, Eric doesn't heal after being injured and uses the tape after mutilating himself.
3570	In conclusion, I find EXPD a good investment since it stands a better chance of leveraging the evolving industry.
3571	In contrast, others were sinister hunters or revealed their personalities with just a few lines of meaningful dialogue to establish them as true monsters.
3572	In contrast, transferring or splitting an IRA is a standard process at the major financial institutions.
3573	In court, a woman, Mrs. Garcia, testifies about how she was raped, one of the men is Hector, and the other one is deceased.
3574	Increasing the contextual intelligence of IOAs with AI is one of the core catalysts driving the rapid growth of AI in the broader cybersecurity market.
3575	‘Incredible’ method to descale a kettle that’s ‘better than vinegar’
3576	Indeed, in late 2019, Haley again muddied her position on the issue by saying the banner represented “service, sacrifice and heritage” for some people in South Carolina until Roof “hijacked” it.
3577	Indeed, the gap between and Mercedes doesn’t look quite as insurmountable as it did a few months ago.
3578	Independent optical retailers made up approximately 40% of all optical retail sales in 2022, while optical retail chains made up the vast majority of the remainder.
3579	India has slid from 140th in the World Press Freedom Index in 2014 to 161st this year, its lowest point, while also leading the list for the highest number of internet shutdowns globally for five consecutive years.
3580	India is not immune to global disruptions, so some slowdown in growth is inevitable, he said, adding, since India is a domestic, consumption-based economy, India is less dependent on the global economy compared to countries that rely heavily on exports.
3581	Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is playing in theaters nationwide.
3582	INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The powerful conservative group, Club for Growth, has launched television ads in hopes to derail Mitch Daniels senate campaign.
3583	In doing such, he found that it was not “plain and obvious” that the women’s allegations were “doomed to fail” and that their case was properly pled and supported by evidence.
3584	In each country, we have a mix of global and local content.”
3585	In earlier seasons, clients often romanticized the lifestyles of the young cater-waiters, and the freedom (read: insecurity) of working from gig to gig.
3586	In early September she went to Howdens with a member of Eva-Lution’s team and chose a kitchen.
3587	INEC, however, in a statement signed by the Rivers Resident Electoral Commissioner, Dr. Johnson Sinikiem, said though the application for the CTC remained the legitimate entitlements of the candidates, some basic processes must be followed.
3588	“I needed to understand what was going on.
3589	In effect, the crust can “terraform” the desert.
3590	In fact, Carlson off on Friday saying he would see his audience on Monday.
3591	In fact, he has campaigned for to receive the gavel.
3592	In fact, he was prepared to take a risk.
3593	In fact, I'm very curious about doing it myself.
3594	In fact, Kyle has previously mentioned conversations he’s had with international players Spotify and Amazon, leading to speculation of a global platform for the show.
3595	In fact, nobody from my party was involved,” he said.
3596	In fact, the average diluted grade at Granite Creek should come in above 8.5 grams per tonne of gold, pointing to annual production of ~65,000 ounces assuming an 88% recovery rate.
3597	In fact, the fourth-year player has proven time and time again that he thrives under such circumstances.
3598	In fact, the Justin Bieber song, “Baby,” walked away with more than 400 million views.
3599	In fact, the only shot to beat Andersen came on a self-inflicted wound by the goalie himself.
3600	In fact, the only thing that you can know is that something you weren’t expecting will occur.
3601	In fact, your optimism will attract people to you, because everyone likes to be with someone who is happy.
3602	In February 2011, Mail on Sunday reporter Sharon Churcher and photographer Michael Thomas drove Miss Roberts to the US consulate in Sydney, Australia, where she met two FBI agents.
3603	In February last year, the DfE published a consultation on its plans to introduce the LLE for use on modular or full-time study in higher and further education.
3604	Information regarding season 10 has finally been released.
3605	Inga is eligible for our Foster to Family program which means you can take her home for up to 2 weeks to see if she is the perfect pet for your home before officially adopting!
3606	In Gaza health authorities now say more than 4,000 civilians have been killed.
3607	Inge Eberhard, who later became Sao Nang Thu Sandi and the princess of Hsipaw, first met Sao Kya Seng in Denver, Colorado, where both of them attended university in the early 1950s.
3608	In general, Crosby was suspicious of most religions, but held his tongue around his friend and instead wrote about his skepticism on “Laughing.”
3609	In general, shoppers aren't going to discount stores like they did 15 years ago, but that doesn't mean they're not looking for deals.
3610	In general these days, we hear a lot about the far left and the hard right.
3611	IN good news for Kilmacthomas, a new hackney service has been launched as part of a pilot project that’s being funded by the National Transport Authority (NTA).
3612	In healthcare, technology like a mobile platform can provide the highest value by meeting patients where they are during what could be a situation filled with unknowns and making that experience less scary and stressful.
3613	In his acceptance speech Mackesy praised the “bravery” of film-makers.
3614	In his career as a blockbuster movie star as well as a politician/activist, Arnold Schwarzenegger has shown he’s good at delivering a message.
3615	In his column for the Mail Online, Souness wrote: “I will make a bold statement about the Premier League race, which resumes today: Liverpool will finish first or second this season.
3616	In his first three games back in blue he has been streets ahead of everyone else.
3617	In his letter to Senate President Novelle Francis Jr., Bryan asked that the Legislature act expeditiously and favorably on his nomination “to prevent any delays in the official functions of the department.”
3618	In his new film “Jules,” plays Milton, a lonely old man in a small Pennsylvania town whose quiet life is turned upside down when an alien spaceship lands in the middle of his azalea bushes one night.
3619	In his opening statement, Garland said, “I am not the president’s lawyer.
3620	In his opinion on Wednesday, Judge Hanen, nominated by President George W. Bush, said that the administration’s effort amounted to “instituting its own solution, regardless of the dictates of Congress.”
3621	“In his role with FCM, Rory has been a strong advocate on key issues facing Halton, such as climate change mitigation and adaptation, infrastructure, the need for rural broadband and funding for the child care sector.
3622	“Initial arriving units worked quickly to search for, assess and triage the total 9 patients involved.”
3623	Initial executive buy-in through good strategy, a clear mandate, and a business case for change.
3624	Initially, she penned poetry, progressing to short stories and now her first novel.
3625	Initially, Simone thinks she can have her record deal and Bernie, but Bernie knows that Simone is going to have to choose.
3626	Initially, the other rabbi said it was hard dealing with antisemitism, but then when he heard Rabbi Spector was going to Utah, the rabbi said, "Oh, Latter-day Saints love you guys."
3627	Initially, there was some thought that he might miss Opening Day, but unless he re-injured the groin or suffered another injury, that would seem unlikely as he has three weeks to get ready.
3628	In its 18 chapters, Krishna counsels Arjuna about three paths, or “margas,” to realize salvation, or “moksha,” from the eternal cycle of suffering and rebirth.
3629	In its report, the BBB urged the timeshare industry to be ethical about sharing details about monthly maintenance costs and the window to ask for a refund, if there is one.
3630	In January 1941, the Evacuation Committee asked them to move, because the house had been allocated for evacuees.
3631	In January 2022, the U.S. Department of Transportation released the National Roadway Safety Strategy, a roadmap to address the national crisis in motor vehicle fatalities and serious injuries.
3632	In January, one of the most comprehensive studies on ultra-processed food - by Imperial College’s School of Public Health - was published in The Lancet medical journal.
3633	In Jess Row’s magnificent novel “,” out this week, Winter Wilcox stands out as the most grounded of her family.
3634	In June, a 48-year-old man was jailed for almost two years after attacking his wife following an argument.
3635	In June last year, the regional Parliament made history as it became the first in Europe to recognize and condemn this crime against the Palestinian people.
3636	In June, the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation (JCVI) recommended the development of an RSV vaccine programme, but in September the government delayed the rollout.
3637	Injuries and unavailability hampered Cooper’s options somewhat as a number of players are at different stages of their recoveries.
3638	Injuries have already wiped out a number of big names before and during this World Cup — think France’s Romain Ntamack, South Africa’s Malcolm Marx and England’s Anthony Watson — and they continue to cause havoc.
3639	Injuries were largely the cause, forcing Wilshere out of the game at the age of 30, a final stint with Danish side AGF marking the end of his playing days.
3640	In lieu of flowers, consider a donation to Boston Children’s Hospital.
3641	In lieu of flowers please donate to the American Cancer Society in remembrance of Rick Van Norman.
3642	"In light of our ongoing legal obligations of confidentiality to the Inquiry and to the survivors, and to support the integrity of the Inquiry, we will not be in a position to provide further information or comment."
3643	In low-income countries NCDs – typically slow and debilitating illnesses – are seeing a fraction of the money needed being invested or donated.
3644	In Luxembourg, the company is the only investment firm depositary in the market.
3645	In May 2021, the fund released the “Emerging From The Purge” report with 23 recommendations for government to foster diverse, equitable and inclusive workplaces.
3646	In May, a NSW police officer was of assaulting a 16-year-old Indigenous boy in inner Sydney in 2020 when he arrested him and threw him to the ground using an unofficial “leg sweep” manoeuvre.
3647	In Mongolia’s population of about 3.3 million people, Buddhism and shamanism are considered the traditional religions, although religious practice still has not recovered from 70 years of strict communist rule.
3648	In my opinion, the average investor is wrong in his or her approach to investing because expectations are too high.
3649	In Nasser Hospital in Khan Yunis, thousands of uprooted people gathered in the yard and in hallways, searching for food, water and a place to sleep, according to AFP journalists.
3650	In nearby Massachusetts, a joint hearing in the state House and Senate is scheduled next week regarding a bill that would ban the selling, trading, renting or leasing of cellphone location data.
3651	In need of a new tablet?
3652	In need of swings and misses, Kremer didn’t turn to his curveball, his changeup or his new sweeper.
3653	In New York, the Dow Jones industrial average was down 366.71 points at 32,417.59.
3654	In November, CBP seized shipments that contained counterfeit goods valued at more than if the items had been genuine.
3655	In October 1988, a "Quedlinburg gospel book" was offered to the state library in West Berlin for $8 million.
3656	In October 2016, Lohan tried pivoting into the business world, opening the Lohan Nightclub in Athens, Greece.
3657	In October, Pure Hydrogen announced that the development and construction of its hydrogen-fuel-cell-powered waste removal truck for JJ’s Waste and Recycling (one of the first of its kind in Australia) is nearing completion.
3658	In one clip posted by Mortlake Brewery to X, formerly Twitter, the boat could be seen approaching the bridge which crosses over the Thames before a loud crash could be heard as it collided with the structure.
3659	In one version of events, Altman breaks away from the pack and racks up a big early win in Hunterdon, making leaders in Union and Somerset decide it wouldn’t be prudent to try and take her down.
3660	In order for gun laws to be effective for criminals the penalties for having one without a license would have to be equal to the penalties for the worst crimes they are used for: murder, armed robbery.
3661	“In order to get a sustained move (in prices), we really would need to see a supply disruption,” said Andrew Lipow, president at Lipow Oil Associates, a Houston-based consultant.
3662	In order to obtain regulatory approval of its $20-billion takeover of Calgary-based…
3663	In order to reach Cloud Island, you need to start by making sure most other mainline story quests are completed.
3664	In order to retrieve his “prize,” Paris traveled under the guise of diplomacy between Troy and the city-state.
3665	In other Cooper Companies news, Director sold 1,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, January 6th.
3666	In other HubSpot news, CFO sold 782 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, July 5th.
3667	In other literary news, the Martha’s Vineyard Book Festival is slated to run from August 4-6.
3668	In other Merck & Co., Inc. news, VP sold 15,875 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, May 4th.
3669	In other news, CEO Nikos Fountas sold 4,280 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Friday, March 10th.
3670	In other news, CEO Robert W. Eddy sold 1,300 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 26th.
3671	In other news, Director sold 11,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, August 15th.
3672	In other news, Director sold 1,748 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, January 27th.
3673	In other news, EVP Kenyatta G. Rocker sold 8,700 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, August 23rd.
3674	In other testimony, Lord O'Donnell suggested the type of scientific and technical advice available to ministers should be expanded to include experts in more areas.
3675	In other words, in the 21st century, before this year, these “negotiations” happened a grand total of once.
3676	In other words, she's not half as cute as she thinks.
3677	In other words, the IMF has not actually come to Sri Lanka’s rescue and may not be able to do so.
3678	In other words, you are forgoing 3 per cent of yield to be fully reimbursed when the bond expires.
3679	“In our 40 years in the business, this company had never registered a tragic episode” like Benevides' death due to extreme heat, T4F said.
3680	In our structure at the top, we have three elective positions for the President, Vice President, and the National Women’s Coordinator.
3681	In our top electric toothbrushes round-up, this model was named best toothbrush under £100, and you can now get it with 25 per cent off for Black Friday.
3682	In part due to the war in Ukraine food prices have risen steeply, up 19 per cent over the last year.
3683	In particular that has meant finding competition and cover for Dominic Calvert-Lewin should he continue to suffer the misfortune with injury that has plagued the past two campaigns.
3684	In previous decades, Marvel comics focused more on best-selling characters like Spider-Man and the Fantastic Four.
3685	In projecting the industry, we seem to have forgotten that there are several other moving parts of the industry that provide the platform for them to showcase their craft and connect with their fans, such as promoter, sponsors and their hardworking teams.
3686	In Q4, physical tours were up 50% on a sequential basis and 12% YOY.
3687	In recent months, Anvisa has revoked several regulations related to the pandemic.
3688	In recent years they seem to have come out of left field, quickly becoming ginormous capital expenditures.
3689	In related news, CEO sold 13,653 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Tuesday, April 11th.
3690	In related news, Director sold 15,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 31st.
3691	In related news, Director sold 3,500 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, December 18th.
3692	In related news, insider James C. Zelter sold 70,000 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, November 28th.
3693	In response, Australian openers added 135 runs for the first wicket with both and Usman Khawaja scoring half centuries before rain halted play, pushing the fate of the match and the series to its very last day.
3694	In response, Deebo revealed the Philadelphia Eagles are actually the team he hates most.
3695	In response to the accusations, Polaris Bank clarified that it did not declare the customer dead but had received court documents supporting the claim.
3696	In response to the Windsor Framework, Marks & Spencer boss Archie Norman said “the added complexity and cost of different labeling requirements” will remain.
3697	In return for his service she honoured him with titles such as the 2nd Viscount Melbourne in addition to naming the capital city of Australia after him in March 1837.
3698	Insects — especially mosquitoes and ticks, which Juthani said are evident year-round now — bring in new diseases better able to survive in the changed climate.
3699	Insert 4-to-6-foot stakes (determined by the mature height of the variety you plant) into the soil about an inch away from tubers and secure stems as they grow.
3700	Inset pictures of Peter Copeland and Zoe Steele at the 2002 Southern Stars show.
3701	Insiders have sold a total of 435,437 shares of company stock valued at $70,994,677 over the last quarter.
3702	Insiders sold 137,161 shares of company stock worth $11,307,758 over the last three months.
3703	In some circumstances, the meaning connected to a word challenge similar to can help players understand it much faster, especially if they know how to use the clue involved.
3704	Inspector Barry Convery from Helensburgh police station said: “This behaviour is completely out of character for Lila and we are growing concerned for her welfare.
3705	Instacart said its revenue had surged to $1.48 billion in the six months ended June 30, compared with $1.13 billion in the same period last year.
3706	Installation of canopy to the rear of the property.
3707	Install security lighting systems that have motion sensors to detect body movements.
3708	Instant payment gateways – many gaming sites have integrated modern tools into their system for fast and secure money withdrawal.
3709	Instead, buyers are increasingly embracing a quarter-century-old technology whose popularity has been surging: The gas-electric hybrid, which alternates from gas to battery power to maximize efficiency.
3710	Instead, Holly McGee has a few ideas how you can celebrate, honor, and recognize Black History Month in a more meaningful way.
3711	Instead of going on some pricy vacation, they hunkered down at home with the children and watched them open gifts.
3712	Instead of just boosting testosterone, T20 could support blood flow and other benefits.
3713	Instead of lashing out at our partners, we admit that we’re feeling jealous and insecure, attempt to figure out the root of the jealousy and work together to find a solution.”
3714	Instead of running 14 food distribution centers, the agency is providing flour and fuel to bakeries, where Gazans often wait in line for hours to get bread.
3715	Instead, overhead stage wires dropped on the audience (unfortunately, no falling equipment put me out of my misery) and scenery appeared on stage missing key elements.
3716	Instead, “the safest thing to do is to increase wages by way of expanding economic activity, and that means a lot of investment in labor,” Balisacan said at a committee hearing last month.
3717	Instead, you need a wand, some humorous imagination, and the magic word "Riddikulus."
3718	Institutional investors own 34.78% of the company’s stock.
3719	Instonians made it five bonus point wins from five games to main their four-point lead at the top of Division 2B but it took a late penalty from out half Ritchie McMaster to beat Wanderers 39-38.
3720	"In such a scenario, they may be compelled 'to look inhouse', like mother, wife, daughter, sister, etc. to ensure the seat remains within their control.
3721	In summary, Klaas found that proposals to amend will not solve the underlying problems in local government financing.
3722	In support of the student protest, three Tennessee legislators rose to the center of the Legislative Chamber and began to speak, using bullhorns, when their microphones were cut off by the Tennessee political leadership.
3723	Integration of ESG into the financial sector has grown enormously in recent years and has grown in tandem — this latest congressional foray shows that the issue will play a role in the coming elections and in legislation coming down the line.
3724	Intellectual property is most often stolen through cyberattack, making the Disruptive Technology Strike Force something of a “hack back” squad.
3725	Interest payments decreased by €25.5 million (9.1 per cent), amounting to €253.1 million compared to €278.6 million in 2022.
3726	Interim Liberal Leader Hal Perry pressed Premier Dennis King during question period Friday morning about the North Rustico rink, to which King told the Opposition to 'pick a lane.'
3727	International cooperation is crucial to helping these countries resolve unsustainable debt burdens in an orderly and timely manner.”
3728	Interviewers and people in their private circle would ask if they were seeing each other, and the couple would dispel those rumors.
3729	In that city we love tonight 1,400 people are out right now trying to look for a place to sleep outside of the street.
3730	In that context, Twilio's fading thesis for high-growth SaaS potential exposes the company's vulnerability on valuation.
3731	In that never-ending arms race for frames, gamers have responded by upgrading their PCs and not only the processors and graphics cards.
3732	In that same year, the Texas Legislature had to appropriate almost $3 billion to support the state’s border security efforts in the 2022-2023 budget cycle.
3733	In that way, Abraham would be a broker—an intercessor before God.
3734	In the 119-member Telangana Assembly, the Congress is looking to defeat the ruling BRS, which is eyeing a third-consecutive term in the state.
3735	In the 1920s and ’30s, the inn became a hotspot for A-listers, including Charlie Chaplin, Bob Hope, Tyrone Power, Cary Grant, Gloria Swanson, Greta Garbo, Errol Flynn and Betty Grable.
3736	In the aforementioned People interview, McKellen says he believes success is "all about luck — being there at the right time and ready for it."
3737	In the article by Rayshawn Ray, he argues that there needs to be a restructuring of civilian payouts for police misconduct because police officers are typically shielded from the financial impact of payouts.
3738	In the Busby years, United’s original rival was Leeds United, and Busby, a former Liverpool himself, shared friendly vibes with the club.
3739	In the caption, she wrote, “And hurry as fast as you can along the shining beach, or the rubble, or the dust…”
3740	In the caves scattered around the area, there are three unlit braziers.
3741	In the clip, Kourtney jumped up and down, and the sign was also shown on a larger screen at the venue.
3742	In the dining room, the couple painted the original paneling black and gold and added sculptural pieces collected during their travels.
3743	In the Diocese of Green Bay, the current devotion was started in 2015.
3744	In the early days of the lotto, he said, receivers would have to wear a suit, even in the summer.
3745	In the early – mid 2000’s funds management businesses crudely changed hands with rules of thumb: 1% of fum for institutional, 3% for “masterfund/wrap” and 5% for “pure retail”.
3746	In the end, more than ten members of the team turned up.
3747	In the end, only one can win — and that pressure can break players as easily as a piece of dalgona.
3748	In the end, the city “has to come up with an acceptable solution that we can sign off on,” he said.
3749	In the end, unless a line is drawn, schools will wind up having to do what other facilities have done and make all bathrooms single-use only.
3750	In the face of notable economic limitations, Nigerian financial institutions have demonstrated a moderate enhancement across various regulatory benchmarks in recent years.
3751	In the financial year 2022 (1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022), GESCO SE, which is listed in the Prime Standard, met its expectations for sales, which were last raised in October 2022, and slightly exceeded them in terms of earnings.
3752	In the first, heady weeks after the Court’s decision in Dobbs — a decision which so many who had worked and prayed for an end to abortion had — a certain amount of reorientation was to be expected.
3753	In the first room, Benno Schotz’s very fine grieving figure, The Lament, from 1943 is beautifully apposite.
3754	In the first Super Bowl ad from the enterprise software company, actual rock stars Ozzy Osbourne, Billy Idol, Joan Jett and others complain that office workers shouldn't call each other “rock stars.”
3755	In the former, a person placed his or her hand in pigment then pressed it on to a wall, creating a handprint.
3756	In the fourth Pokémon movie, Celebi: The Voice of the Forest agent referred to as the Iron-Masked Marauder appears, bullying an old man who used to be a Pokémon Hunter, attempting to gain information about a Celebi that allegedly was spotted in the area.
3757	In the group's other fixture, Saudi side Al Fayha got only a second win of this campaign with a 3-1 home victory against Turkmenistan's Ahal.
3758	In the immediate term, these changes might impose costs.
3759	In the last 10 years, we have run more than 80 prizes, distributed £84 million in funding and engaged with 12,000 innovators.
3760	In the last 10 years, your Exchange benefit has provided $3.5 billion in earnings for critical military Quality-of-Life programs.
3761	"In the last 24 hours, Gala has surged by 26.52% to hit a price of $0.05234.
3762	In the last five years, there has been a 217% increase in these types of stories.
3763	In the last three months, insiders have sold 100,000 shares of company stock worth $4,329,400.
3764	In the last two days, India’s tax authorities carried out a “survey” operation in BBC offices in Delhi and Mumbai as part of an investigation into alleged tax evasion.
3765	In the latest provincial rankings, Semiahmoo is ranked number one in B.C., with Vancouver College in second and Oak Bay in third.
3766	In the letter dated June 19, 2023, the lawyer said Charly Boy had signed Artists Recording Contracts with the company in 1988, 1990 and also recently.
3767	In the middle of the night while she's making her dinner, she hears a strange sound coming from her roof.
3768	In the Mt. SAC Relays from April 14-15, senior Noah Contreras lowered his best 800-meter time to 1 minute, 50.10 seconds to finish third.
3769	In the national team, I was more of a bowling all-rounder because I had senior batters and bowlers in the team.
3770	In the North Bay, snow, hail and super cold weather is delivering a big punch of Winter to residents.
3771	In the past two weeks, almost 800 BRTS offenders have been penalised at these two localities, the smart city officials said.
3772	In the past, we’ve seen many of these stars light up the action genre with Travolta having a knack for playing law enforcement officials in movies like From Paris with Love.
3773	In the recent past, the former Personnel Director Gina LaGreca appointed Franklin Miguel, Pedro Soto, Pat Ruiz, and Michael Armano, to name a few, all on an “acting” basis.
3774	In the remaining eleven seats, based on individual party base and winnability of candidate, decisions will be taken.
3775	In the ring, EVIL choked Finlay with a shirt and let go at 2:00.
3776	In the second half of the year if a recession warrants it, enterprises will enter the third phase of spending adjustments that will have an impact in 2024 and beyond.
3777	In the second-half, the Blue Toon’s Jordan Brown and Airdrie’s Deveney both tried their luck from outside the box, but both attempts were comfortably saved by the respective goalkeepers.
3778	In the southern state of Karnataka, which holds elections this summer, the percentage of respondents satisfied with Gandhi has jumped from 39% in January 2022 to nearly 58% immediately after the march passed through.
3779	In the summer of that year, the browser was released in Japan, followed by releases in the EU, Australia, and North America, in that order.
3780	In the thrilling world of college football, James Madison University (JMU) is making waves with its exceptional performance this season.
3781	In the UK, finance minister Jeremy Hunt (pictured in February) said he was working with Prime Minister Rishi Sunak and the Bank of England to 'avoid or minimize damage'
3782	In the UK, the CIR is running the Eyes on Russia map as one of several witness projects that also include investigating and documenting human rights abuses in Afghanistan, Myanmar and Sudan.
3783	In the UK, Warpaint launched the W7 brand into Tesco, Boots and New Look stores, and the Technic and Body Collection into Wilko outlets.
3784	In the US you can file a freedom of information act request for that.
3785	In the video, DeGeneres asks Swift to ring a bell every time they came across a picture of a man that she dated.
3786	In the video, the 31-year-old single mom showcased the entire procedure of how she got her hair done, including haircutting, extensions, and other techniques.
3787	"In the wake of Winter Storm Uri in 2021, a new law went into effect that year allowing transmission and distribution utilities, such as CenterPoint Energy, to implement actions to lessen both the frequency and customer impact of power outages.
3788	In the winter, rentals are available for outdoor sports lovers who can easily ski right out the front door.
3789	In the wrong hands, they are a danger to all 333 million Americans out there.
3790	In this 2021 file photo, employee Jeffery Flores, right, with general manager Jose Carrillo looks over some of the different varieties of marijuana at Catalyst, the first legal marijuana dispensary in El Monte on Thursday, November 4, 2021.
3791	In this, a thin tube called a catheter is put into an artery in leg or groin and guided through the network of blood vessels, up into the head and finally into the bulge (aneurysm).
3792	In this country, generations of motorists are deeded generations of motorways.
3793	In this disruptive new world, Shabbat would present an opportunity to emerge from an ocean of doubt onto a small island of certainty—a day on which we can again trust our senses.
3794	In this scenario, China’s military would not be used to attack, but to intimidate.
3795	In this sense, I would expect the market size to potentially double.
3796	In this still image from video provided by the NFL, NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell speaks from his home in Bronxville, N.Y., during the NFL football draft Thursday, April 23, 2020.
3797	In those five losses, Sanchez has allowed a total of 11 earned runs over 28 innings.
3798	In today's BCTV Daily Dispatch: It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia, Yellowstone, Young Justice, CM Punk, Archer, Daryl Dixon, Ahsoka, and more!
3799	In total, the entire Floyd Hill project is expected to be completed in 2028.
3800	In total, the site would contain 62 dwelling units.
3801	In typical Tory fashion, some of their messages are a bit of an anti-climax.
3802	Investigators allege that a former MEP, Pier Antonio Panzeri, ran a network of MEPs, NGO leaders and trade unionists prepared to take bribes to advance the interest of Qatar and Morocco.
3803	Investing involves risks, including possible loss of principal.
3804	Investors are highly interested in both.
3805	Investors can then use their newly-acquired Bitcoin or Ethereum to purchase Kokoswap using one of the aforementioned exchanges.
3806	Investors may prefer to avoid this risk by concentrating their investments in their home market.
3807	Investors of record on Tuesday, August 15th were paid a $0.08 dividend.
3808	Investors should continue to monitor upcoming clinical trials and data presentations, including the World Sleep Congress, as part of their due diligence.
3809	In what appeared to be a slight against British tourists, she said the island had reached its 'tourist capacity' and needed to turn against 'mass tourism'.
3810	In which people associated with the trust, people of Gayatri family and other voluntary organizations are working today.
3811	In women with polycystic ovaries, the LH to FSH ratio is often higher – for example 2:1, or even 3:1.
3812	Iowa forward Patrick McCaffery announced Tuesday that he is taking an indefinite leave from the basketball team to address anxiety issues.
3813	IPL 2023: The way we ended the Power-play set the foundation, says.
3814	I play this game () 8 hours a day,” said Kyedae.
3815	I probably would have said ‘yeah, of course.’
3816	I protected myself."
3817	“I pulled myself along on my left side, clawing at the dry, orange dirt, moving inch by inch,” Hall writes.
3818	Iran appears to be converting a second ship (a tanker) into a carrier and apparently has ambitious plans for these new ships.
3819	Iran has coped by using commercial equipment.
3820	Iraola agreed a two-year contract with the Premier League club following the expiry of his contract with Spanish side Rayo Vallecano.
3821	I realised that when a child is learning to read, you don’t worry about what they can do today - you think forward to what they’ll be able to do tomorrow, next week, next year, if you support them now.
3822	“I realise this is of little solace.
3823	“I realized, I didn’t get the vote in Northeast Mississippi I wanted to get.
3824	I realize this idea is at odds with our current culture, which insists that marriage should be, if not constantly blissful, free from the intense animus that many married people of previous generations endured.
3825	I really have no choice."
3826	“I really hope the wedding photos are less blurry,” Porowski wrote.
3827	I recommend working with an immigration attorney to determine the best options based on your long-term goals, as well as a corporate attorney to discuss the best structure for your startup’s U.S. entity to make it attractive to investors.
3828	Ireland expects King to do well in the rest of the playoffs.
3829	Ireland was a different place then.
3830	I remain a revolutionary up to this time.
3831	I remember how I first learned about the greatness of America and its military.
3832	I remember I lost I was trying to out a new drawhead.
3833	"I remember I wanted to hang out with you, but you were always on the tour bus, just learning guitar," she said.
3834	“I remember knowing during the game we’d got the job done and being able to enjoy it.
3835	“I remember standing waving the container truck off to Spain and really hoping it stayed frozen,” Vivien says.
3836	I remember the days where we used to Bluetooth songs to each other’s Blackberries and Tinchy’s Number 1 and Never Leave You were played on repeat.
3837	I remember when there was no Route 66 and the only road out this way was Route 55, which exists today and is a nice road to drive if you are not in a hurry.
3838	I remember you and I, in a past conversation, we had talked about what it was like for you growing up in and around DC in the ’60s.
3839	I repeatedly asked family members for the VHS recording of his wedding to my mom and of my first birthday, during which he made multiple appearances.
3840	“I requested the who, what, when, where, relative to who requested and released this security camera footage.
3841	I respect her privacy, that's why I don't talk as much," Sam began.
3842	"Irish Ferries apologises to passengers whose travel was disrupted by this issue and continues to assist the authorities who are investigating the incident."
3843	Ironically, both teens are mysteriously impervious to Eida's spell, which makes it seem like they'd be rogues immediately working to help Boruto.
3844	Irrewarra captain Bryce McDonald says an even spread of bowlers has guided the Redbacks to a tough win over Apollo Bay.
3845	Irsik and Thornock ran from the southernmost to northernmost tips of the island of Okinawa, running 84 miles over a course of 23 hours.
3846	Irving’s 3 bounced off the rim, leaving him 0 of 4 from deep.
3847	I said, ‘God, can You just spare me some more time so I can get to see them grow?’
3848	I said yes because of the club.
3849	I said, “Yes, sir,” and he said, “Okay, okay, I’m coming to the school next year, and I want to know more about the baseball program.”
3850	“I saw him go deep, and just threw it up there and hoped for something good to happen,” he said.
3851	I saw it on an Emagine “premium large format” screen with excruciating sound.
3852	“I saw the driver sitting on the bonnet and shouting for help,” said Manjunath Chandra, a private firm employee, who was also at the spot.
3853	I see you stepping into a more intentional way of living and prioritizing your hobbies before all else this year.
3854	I sent the scan to prove it.'
3855	Is Ferguson Films trying to give ‘The Wife’ a run for its money?
3856	Is it a dance recital?
3857	Is it fair to judge a president by the level of prices?
3858	Is it suggesting other weaponry?
3859	Is it too much to hope they might now move forward towards what should be their common goal – to see off the very real and potentially disastrous threat of a Labour government?
3860	"Is Kristen Bell the Most-Tattooed Actress?" another headline read.
3861	Isn't there an abortion potion recipe in the Old Testament that is explicitly endorsed for women that cheat?
3862	I spent a few days putting Apple Music Classical to the test, trying out its search, playlists and guides to classical music.
3863	'I spoke about it and then I brushed it under the carpet and was like, "Ok I’ve had a big year, I wanna take time to heal and deal with what I wanna deal with".'
3864	Israel can end this any time by ceasing to be a murderous and tyrannical occupying regime held together by endless violence and apartheid.
3865	Israeli Border Police rescuing people from the Supernova Music Festival on Kibbutz Re'im on Oct. 7, 2023.
3866	Israeli Finance Minister Bezalel Smotrich speaks at the Knesset, Israel’s parliament, in Jerusalem on July 10, 2023.
3867	Israeli gambling giant Playtika made a lucrative all-cash acquisition offer for Entertainment, the Tel Aviv-based company has announced.
3868	Israel is far from perfect but, clearly, Israel has no intention of destroying the Palestinian people.
3869	Israel ordered Palestinians to evacuate northern Gaza and move south of the area known as Wadi Gaza.
3870	Israel’s Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu has angered Palestinian extremists by encouraging the growth of settlements and allowing Jewish prayer at the Al-Aqsa Mosque.
3871	Israel’s reprisal airstrikes and its imposition of a “complete siege” on the strip have heaped even further suffering on ordinary Gazans.
3872	Israel, the land of milk, honey and competitive inflation rates.
3873	Is self-employment the right choice for you or your loved one with a disability?
3874	“I started off slow and then got in rhythm when I needed to.
3875	“I started out as an art major, studying with conceptual artists,” he explains.
3876	I started tracking my calories.
3877	Is the MG ZS EV Long Range safe?
3878	Is the migrant child from El Salvador actually dumber than the typical American child?
3879	“Is there a bailiff in this court?”
3880	Is there a technical moat you need to widen, or is it more go-to-market focused?
3881	Is there some reason why those are going to decelerate to a lower level for the full quarter?
3882	"I still think there is no emotional pain that surpasses this IMO It's up there with losing a loved one."
3883	I suggest working the 10-12 ft depth range.
3884	I swear they keep it going to piss off Roseanne.
3885	Is Wimbledon's 'Crazy Gang' the wildest team of all-time?
3886	It affects their productivity, communication, confidence, decision making and problem-solving skills —all of which are fundamental for the sustainable prosperity of both the employee, the workforce and the business.
3887	I take a lot of crap for not being a Donald Trump fan, but it’s easy enough to side with Trump against people who try this hard to gaslight me.
3888	'I talked about it a lot online and soon became known as a "body positive influencer".
3889	It all comes from Yasmin Finney who has me wondering what this means for the show after she stated she acted with him.
3890	It all comes together to make a suitably premium laptop that’s built to last.
3891	It allows you to automate more tedious tasks, gives you the ability to rapidly explore new ideas, and inspires new roads of thinking.
3892	It almost feels like they're doing any extreme measures possible to keep the status quo, and that's why you're seeing these things.
3893	It also contradicts Activision’s statement that its back-to-back Modern Warfare sequels were ‘years in the making.’
3894	It also denies bereaved families their basic right to grieve and mourn as they wish and obstructs the goal of reconciliation and peace between Israelis and Palestinians.
3895	It also forced a commitment to sick pay for casuals — a first in any university — as well as significant new leave provisions.
3896	It also has heat therapy throughout as well as Bluetooth speakers and charging ports, which make you feel encased in a private world.
3897	It also helps support individuals with Down syndrome throughout their lifetime.
3898	It also includes $2.3 billion for financing and to catalyse donors through the World Bank.
3899	It also limits the longevity of the story.
3900	It also provides a supportive and social event where buddies and athletes can interact in a positive way.
3901	It also provides services to buy and sell vacation homes through its network of real estate agents.
3902	It also required students to adopt a particular kind of public-facing style of writing, and it was fun to work with them on that.”
3903	It also set aside an impairment charge of £223m to cover expected loan losses, more than quadruple the £54m put aside last year.
3904	It also won’t be in the second round of the draft, on Friday.
3905	“It appears as though Ronna’s in very good shape to get reelected,” Priebus said.
3906	It appears that in Olesya's case, it wasn't Big Brother watching her, but her fellow students.
3907	“It appears they were the unfortunate victims of mistaken identity.”
3908	It arrived on Thursday, one minute before the Second Class parcel.
3909	It attracts more than 18 million visits each year with current moving average turnover (MAT) sales of $865 million, and specialty MAT sales of $13.595 per square metre, according to the latest Big Guns data.
3910	It boasts 192 gigabits of memory, surpassing Nvidia’s H100 with 120 gigabits.
3911	It breaks my heart to lose you,” her tribute read.
3912	"It brought home how much playing a simple game of kick and giggle means to the community.
3913	It came after he received a maximum four-and-a-half year jail sentence in mid-2017 for a home invasion at Toronto during which he threatened two teenagers with an axe.
3914	It came out of Ireland, but it had this particular feel and tone that maybe people hadn't seen.
3915	It came toward us and veered toward us,” he said.
3916	It can also reduce your blood pressure and boost your heart health, which are important to prevent kidney damage.
3917	It can also steal contact information, browsing history, passwords, and other sensitive data.
3918	It can be difficult to produce art when you also have to prove to the world that you have a right to exist.
3919	It can be difficult to track what’s owed in fines or restitution.
3920	It can be easy to assume or guess how your child might be feeling in this moment, but the therapist recommends looking to explore their feelings with them to help them process any shock or fear.
3921	It can help you monitor your health and detect problems early.
3922	It cannot be understated how much UK film and TV workers have suffered at the hands of the AMPTP’s failure to reach an acceptable agreement with SAG-AFTRA.
3923	It can take 60 to 90 days or more to complete some jobs, land new clients or get some clients to pay you.
3924	"It changes the time of everything really and means we have to do everything that bit earlier," he said.
3925	It comes after former Brexit Party Nigel Farage said his bank account was unfairly shut down by private bank Coutts, owned by NatWest Group, because it did not agree with his political views.
3926	It comes after two separate police forces launched new probes into allegations of lockdown breaches, after his legal team spotted visits by friends and family to Chequers.
3927	It comes a week after official figures showed insolvencies in England and Wales surged to their highest level for 14 years in the second quarter of 2023 as firms were hit by tighter consumer budgets and rising borrowing costs.
3928	It comes during a time of public outrage following the death of two women after long waits in emergency rooms in Amherst and Cape Breton.
3929	It comes from the director of the classics 48 Hrs. and The Warriors.
3930	It comes in a bid to help with rising energy bills amid the Cost of Living crisis.
3931	It could happen in the way that it’s subtly planted and then, I hope not too over the top, acting- and camera-wise.”
3932	It could therefore mean that if the Bank decides to hike rates this week, that might be the last time they do so, at least for a while.
3933	It declared a fixed-plus-variable dividend of 72 cents per share.
3934	“It depends on who gets to decide what the money gets spent on, how are we supposed to trust it will be spent in a way that benefits us?”
3935	It did not taken long before WindWhisper took control, pulling themselves into the lead by the first mark.
3936	It didn’t take long for Haris Rauf to remove Rahim for 64 points as well.
3937	It disclosed that the Minister of Infrastructure, Ports, Transport, Physical Development, and Urban Renewal, Stephenson King, would hold further discussions with Venezuelan officials.
3938	It does this in a slow, considered, video-friendly fashion.
3939	It dropped from 7.59 to 7.52.
3940	It emphasizes the importance of caution while using AI and the need for meticulous fact-checking.
3941	Items like trowels and planters, and in some instances – even soil – can be found at much lower prices than in hardware stores and gardening supply shops.
3942	It ended controversially, with the four characters – Seinfeld, George Constanza (Jason Alexander), Elaine (Julia Louis-Dreyfus) and Kramer (Michael Richards) – sent to prison for making fun of a carjacking victim instead of helping him.
3943	It eventually tanked.
3944	It featured Clint Eastwood as young, brazen Rowdy Yates, a drover on a cattle drive under trail boss Gil Favor ().
3945	“It feels like you are making a direct impact.
3946	It feels very old school.
3947	It follows the story of a high school dance team that overcomes challenges and achieves their dreams.
3948	It frankly gets tiresome.
3949	It gets points for the clever wordplay, but the two minutes spent here should have gone somewhere else.
3950	It gets worse when not only individuals, but businesses or private figures begin to take over the streets for their restaurants, hotels, and other venues.
3951	It had an 0.05 rating (62,000), down 7% from the week before.
3952	It had to be even more frustrating since he had to wonder how different the income could have been if he was healthy as his backup — quarterback Tyler Huntley — was directly involved in the play.
3953	It happened during the 2013 Arcadia Invitational, the largest high school track and field event in the United States.
3954	It has a dividend yield of 1.3%.
3955	"It has become sort of folk legend or something and there is a romanticised notion of rebels and rebellions.
3956	It has been claimed that sporting director Edu made contact with Roque's representatives.
3957	It has been described as a part of the invisible emotional spectrum, and is dubbed the unseen light.
3958	It has been difficult for us to win duels to have possession, but we have defended very well.
3959	It has increasingly become a LEGO Justice League series series, and the fourth game needs to change that.
3960	It has more to do with maintaining a leisure facility than protecting infrastructure.
3961	It helps that being green actually helps his act, but it also makes his plucky moments have more of a bang.
3962	“I think a lot of the legacy guys recognize that we want them in the legal market,” Fagon said.
3963	"I think Cifuentes and (Nico) Raskin will play as a two and ahead of that you'll have a (Todd) Cantwell and (Sam) Lammers or (Tom) Lawrence, and I think you might see Danilo and (Cyriel) Dessers as a front two."
3964	I think economic activity is going to be slower as we would all expect.
3965	“I think he killed a couple of marriages,” Tamra jokes.
3966	I think I am convinced it will work.
3967	I think if anyone is telling you, ‘Hey, we need to give up on our principles and just appeal to you,’ no,” Burton Brown said.
3968	I think if that were the actual rationale, it would be more like Samsung doesn’t want to absorb the cost and, therefore, make less money because I don’t think Samsung wants to go above market rate with its TVs like Sony does.
3969	I think I have a general style.
3970	"I think it's a joke.
3971	… I think it’s being more open and transparent with our fans.”
3972	I think it's given me a "no excuses" mentality.
3973	“I think it’s kind of a stepping stone toward actually buying and owning a full rental property,” says Heier, a 30-year-old investor in California who is using…
3974	"I think it was fully a partisan move to put it on the agenda," he said.
3975	"I think I've always been a very optimistic person.
3976	“I think I’ve come a long way,” Reyes said.
3977	I think over time, there'll be opportunities to do some business with them.
3978	I think people should feel comfortable buying a Tesla or a GM car, and we will provide support equally to both.
3979	"I think that in the dynamic of multilateral diplomacy, we need to avoid egoism, egoism of the north towards the south."
3980	“I think that’s the reason why the turnover was also quickly implemented, to make sure that there will be no confusion.
3981	I think the benefit of carrying them is we actually do earn additional finance GPU because those are very yieldy assets.
3982	“I think the fact that there is literally a ‘sexual wellness’ industry now says it all – there IS an appetite from women.
3983	‘I think the need for it is growing rather than dissipating,’ he said.
3984	“I think the strength of the three of us is when we get in the offensive zone and support each other well, filling in the right spots and just getting the puck to the net and ultimately making plays off of that.
3985	'I think this could be a very cruel and inhumane thing to do,' Director of the University of BC's Marine Mammal Research Unit, Andrew Trites, told CBC.
3986	I think we agree with you.
3987	“I think we are just scratching the surface with what we can do using machine learning and AI in medical science – the opportunities are incredible,” Kummerfeld said.
3988	‘I think we had great chances with Diogo Dalot and Fred, with the free-kick.
3989	I think you’re seeing the North American game coming more towards the European game.
3990	I thought about something that Kochel, the Iowa GOP operative who had a low opinion of his Trojan Bowl appearance, said.
3991	“I thought about this not in a religious way but in an environmental way,” he said, when asked about the connection.
3992	I thought this experiment might show something interesting about the capabilities of AI writing, illustrating the computer’s lack of depth and the hollowness of it all.
3993	It included faith and religion.”
3994	It interacts with humans in Dubai’s Museum of the Future.
3995	It is a cry for connection: “Can you distract me from all the disaster?
3996	It is a false front structure that pre-dates 1900, but I am not completely sure on the construction date.
3997	It is a heavily fortified camp that sits on top of a small hill.
3998	It is all about a CARICOM national can vote in Belizean elections that is what all of the heads of states throughout successive governments have come together to agree.
3999	It is alleged that Emma Sleep “misrepresented savings consumers could make by purchasing its products and that particular sales campaigns were limited in time, when this was not the case.”
4000	It is also convenient for the EC to hold both elections together and puts less burden on everybody.”
4001	It is also the same gun used by variations of Germany's Leopard 2 tank where it's designated as the L44.
4002	It is a newer RecLife event that was started early last semester to offer fun Saturday late-night climbing.
4003	It is a sad fact that lies are told for political advantage.
4004	"It is a work in progress and requires the PNG side to consult our domestic processes and sovereign laws in relation to certain wordings and provisions," the statement said.
4005	It is being reported that China policymakers are considering to issue at least ¥1 trillion of additional sovereign debt for spending on infrastructure in order to try and bolster growth prospects.
4006	It is believed that there was a Grand Slam so strong the space-time continuum broke.
4007	“It is bringing a dead child back to life.
4008	It is called Brainwashing, and as its name suggests, his targets are forced to obey his commands.
4009	It is clearly going to take a long time to build a case or indeed cases given the number of people the PSNI believe were involved.
4010	“It is clearly understood that everybody has the right to protest,” he said.
4011	It is clear that in the long-term period, a global transition to clean energy is inevitable.
4012	“It is common in Nigeria that politicians prostitute around anyhow.
4013	''It is concerning that the physical violence is increasing.'
4014	It is courage and leadership that we need now.
4015	It is elitist for Gov. Healey to think only her party has the right to brainstorm about coping with the right-to-shelter law here in Massachusetts and the migrants and homeless leaning on that flawed passage.
4016	‘It is for the Covid inquiry itself rather than Conservative ministers to decide what is and is not relevant material for its investigation, and this interference only serves to undermine the inquiry’s crucial job of getting to the truth.’
4017	It is going to be difficult and, even when the internationals return, the loss of the retired Keith Earls and Andrew Conway, along with the absence of injured pair Joey Carbery and RG Snyman, could prove difficult.
4018	It is highly economical in terms of use of labour too.
4019	It is hoped the building will be transformed next year, however there is a lot of work to do.
4020	It is however untrue from preliminary investigations that such level of rape incident occurred.”
4021	It is immoral for them to stand by and watch whilst our society faces inevitable collapse.”
4022	“It is imperative that a change be made.”
4023	“It is important that we remind ourselves of the motive – not only of this initiative – but all peaceful initiatives, which include the displacement of people, something which must be averted.
4024	It is, in many ways, impacting more people than we realise, but the door should be open to allow people to come forward, without judgement.”
4025	It is interesting to note how the energy transition and decarbonisation plans have been gaining prominence in the media for some time now.
4026	It is in the first position for being a safe and effective product.
4027	“It is just about having hope and putting in the hard work.
4028	It is just that Fowler or McIlroy would deliver the finest tales.
4029	It is known by its classic presentation of three signs: paralysis on one side of the face; pain in the ear on the same side of facial paralysis; and vesicles, or fluid-filled blisters, in the outer part of the ear, according to previous research.
4030	It is Lookman’s third assist of the season for his club with six goals in 16 league appearances.
4031	It is not clear what aircraft was involved int he crash or what happened to the pilot and any other occupants who were on board.
4032	‘It is not correct that the office of the INEC chairman refused to be served, but PDP served several documents and received replies”
4033	It is now at its lowest for 16 months.
4034	It is now the largest private provider of computing and coding sessions for primary school children in the UK.
4035	It is one of four Niño indices.
4036	It is readily conceivable that the cumulative amount of these claims will be considerable,” the decision reads.
4037	It is really killing the sexual vibe and is starting to make me nervous to have sex with my husband, because I know where it will lead.
4038	It is sad that Governor Abba Yusuf within six (6) days in office demolished it without following due process.
4039	It is said that the said car was coming from R25 Road in Bronkhorstspruit and it was fitted with Gauteng registration number plates.
4040	It is sometimes hard to distance oneself from the issues of farm business when you can see the combine out the living room window.
4041	It is stated that such approval shall also be communicated to the congress or general assembly of the member association concerned at the earliest opportunity to do so.
4042	It is still essential to follow the safety measures and protocols that have been put in place to prevent the spread of the virus.
4043	It is still standing after three missile strikes.
4044	It is the first back of jersey sponsorship deal struck by the governing body.
4045	It is the first of three payments, totalling up to £900, for those eligible and on means-tested benefits, such as universal credit or pension credit, in 2023/24.
4046	It is the first time the Rivers state Governor (decked in white Kaftan) and his estranged Godfather, Wike (also spotted in a white kaftan) are meeting face to face since the beginning of the reported spat between them.
4047	It is the highest ever tax collection by the service for the first six months of a fiscal year.
4048	It is the largest subscription audio platform globally and in the US.
4049	"It is the only medication that has worked for me.
4050	It is understood Guy Jalland left his position as chief executive of Consolidated Press Holdings (CPH), Packer's multibillion-dollar private investment company, ending a 35-year business relationship.
4051	“It is unknown if alcohol and/or drugs are a factor in this collision,” the CHP reported.
4052	It is unknown when the church fell into ruin.
4053	It is unknown who the applicants are and where the licenses will be issued.
4054	“It is unreasonable to arrest Puneeth Kerehalli, a Hindutva activist, under the Goonda Act.
4055	It is very unfortunate, that these children are traumatised by events that could range from court involvement to placement from one foster home to another and subject to abuse and neglect.
4056	It just came and took him on the same day,' Kyle's father Kenneth wrote online.
4057	“It just doesn’t seem real.
4058	“It just kind of affirmed what we both had said in the dugout, they’re looking out over and up,” Miley said.
4059	It led to a lot of uncertainty and plenty of concerns about Mac Jones’ camp performance heading into the season.
4060	It’ll also require dealers to provide the actual price consumers have to pay for vehicles, tell them that additional items like extended warranties aren’t mandatory and state the full monthly payments consumers will be paying upfront.
4061	It looks bloated," another commented.
4062	It looks like the strategy is going to get an unexpected boost.
4063	It made for great television, and it sparked some interesting debates.
4064	“It makes their visit better, and more sociable.”
4065	It manages 180 million square feet of rentable self-storage space, which covers 1.7 million units.
4066	It may never be fully ready for combat thanks to countless design flaws, including unresolved defects detected by the Pentagon’s independent testing office.
4067	“It means a lot,” Drouin said of the goal.
4068	It might get a triple rear camera unit, led by a 50-megapixel primary sensor.
4069	It might just be ‘Let’s praise and do this thing’ or ‘Let’s get ratchet and have a good time,’ but who knows.”
4070	It mostly consists of anime originals and movies, but it provides an experience that can hardly be found anywhere else.
4071	It must be doing a number of things right.
4072	It must be said, too, that longtime contributor sent off this card type with a terrific depiction of Tapu Koko.
4073	It needs to be in a secure location that is dry.
4074	It notes that Americans at the lowest income quintile had income of about $23,800 while the highest quintile was about $332,100.
4075	It not only protects existing wildlands habitat by designating all of the 23 million acres of roadless areas in the Northern Rockies as wilderness, but also fights climate change by keeping our incredibly valuable carbon-storing forests intact.
4076	It offers a simple and intuitive interface, making it easy to navigate and find your favorite channels.
4077	“It only works if everybody does it,” Radey said, noting the bottleneck is shorter with a zipper merge.
4078	"I totally love it - except in catastrophe."
4079	It provides a chance for the congregation members and all who attend to remember the reason for this time of year and take a quiet yet connected moment to be thankful about what God has truly done in Christ.
4080	It put search engines under pressure, including Google and Microsoft.
4081	It reads like the first round of America's adaptation of Squid Games.
4082	'It remains the consensus view of international regulators and health departments that the benefits of Covid-19 vaccination continue to far outweigh the rare risks.'
4083	It reminds me of the time I landed at the Buffalo-Niagara Falls Airport and was assigned a rental vehicle with plates from South Carolina.
4084	It retraced a little more than half of this month's gains before buyers reemerged and lifted the dollar back above JPY147.
4085	Its 204 million registered voters dwarf the 168 million who were registered in the United States for its 2020 presidential election poll and India, the most populous country, stages its elections over a month.
4086	It’s a 5.2 on our scale thanks to its luxury-grade V-6 and its good tech story.
4087	“It’s a balance — we want to keep attracting visitors, yet accommodate existing residents.
4088	It's a firm but not board-like level of support.
4089	It’s a foregone conclusion that they must take a tackle early.
4090	It's a great entry point for anyone looking to buy a new MacBook and easily one of the best Prime Day MacBook deals.
4091	It’s a great spot for beginners with a short, flat loop.
4092	“It’s a huge rivalry that goes back to the 60s,” Moschetti said.
4093	It said at 5.40pm that it was still reviewing how long it would take to get villagers' power back on, adding: "We are working towards restoring it as early as possible."
4094	It said: “The impact of the Covid-19 pandemic has been significant and effectively stopped all actions in progressing the masterplan development.
4095	It said this increased reliance on and concentration of corporation tax receipts carries significant risks.
4096	It’s a journey that she will never forget.
4097	“It’s also about a category of technology that could find its way into the world,” he said.
4098	It’s also an area where conversations at the league level are ongoing, though no public release of grading data is likely anytime soon, I’m told.
4099	It’s also occurring as many people reevaluate their relationships with work and their leaders.
4100	It’s also only a small part of the experience.
4101	It’s also something I think is often lacking today’s romantic comedies, which likely is why this holiday rom-com remains a classic.
4102	It's always been quiet around here but that is a total eye-sore, it's an eye-sore when you turn into the road."
4103	It's always clear that it needs time to find some stability, that's what we lacked in moments.
4104	It’s always nice to work with people who know the business, period.
4105	“It’s amazing what this officer has done, not only for his partner, but to secure three offenders at that time at 1am in a dark street with help still minutes away,” he said.
4106	It's an appropriate length but also could be used for a date night outfit."
4107	It’s an easy trap for DC Comics writers to fall into.
4108	It's an expensive hobby if you have to replace them all the time, that's for sure.
4109	It’s another thing entirely to see it actually happen.’
4110	It’s a popular spot for sailing, surfing, kayaking and windsurfing, or if you prefer you can simply enjoy a paddle in the waves.
4111	"It's a pretty big accomplishment," said Monti.
4112	It's a reality the young crown prince may have to confront someday, long after his palace wedding.
4113	It’s a series that has taken bold swings and revised its continuity several times.
4114	It’s a shame about Adam Finch being no-balled, because the game might have been different had we got Joe Phillips out then.
4115	It’s a shame, however, that this potential political move could come at the cost of thousands of lives.
4116	It's a shame - it's a lovely animal".
4117	It’s a story we’ve been hearing for what seems like years now — “blockchain-based gaming will onboard new Web3 users en masse.”
4118	It's a strong performance, with considerable nuance and gravitas.
4119	“It’s a tightrope at the moment and we don’t want to necessarily bring a leadership change because that will mean there will be a general election and we will end up with 100 seats, the way polling is going at the moment.
4120	It's at least the second such incident where police have encountered an armed and dangerous person on that campus in recent weeks.
4121	It’s a tricky rectangular circuit with tight corners which Roseman-Gannon says she’s competed on once previously.
4122	It’s a very romantic thing.”
4123	“It’s a way to be recognized for your commitment to diversity and inclusion on campus,” Rost said.
4124	It’s awful and there is so much dust.
4125	It’s a wonder all politicians aren’t deaf.
4126	It says something about Cummins’ magnificent Ashes series here four years ago that this was by some way his worst Test in England.
4127	It’s been a little under a year since had a limited release after making its festival run, but this week the film is now available for all to see.
4128	It's been almost 50 years since hit the big screen and became a defining work of cinema, and its influence on the art of filmmaking and popular culture has never declined.
4129	“It’s been a pretty steady day,” Owner Sandra Bebbington said of the first day.
4130	“It’s been really hard, especially from where we started last year, trying to build this and do it the right way.
4131	It's been ten years since Dethklok released new content, so there should be plenty of metal heads looking to bid the series a fond farewell.
4132	“It’s been very difficult and we’ve been in the minuses for a long time," Damian added.
4133	“It’s been very successful,” Bradford said.
4134	It's being held at Rushen Primary School in Port St Mary and starts at 7pm.
4135	It’s being promoted on the official government website of the Republican-controlled Ohio Senate.
4136	“It’s both a beautiful product of art and also useful for science.”
4137	It’s certainly not in their interest to maximize deductions or savings.
4138	Its circumference is somewhat reminiscent of a question mark, so it is often called the “cosmic question mark”, where the question mark point is called Sh2-170.
4139	It’s comforting to know that no matter what happens, everything will be better at some point in the future, but this can often lead to unhealthy expectations for recovery.
4140	It’s confirmation bias, even when presented with the facts it may be otherwise, their arguments become very circular.”
4141	“It’s cool starting,” Cumber said, “but it doesn’t really change anything for me.
4142	It's crazy this fight is being staged outdoors in February -
4143	“It’s cyclical and we’re recruiting all the time … But there’s very steep competition.”
4144	It’s dangerous; it’s exciting; “it brings up all the emotions,” she says.
4145	Its defense systems, including Iron Dome and a new interceptor called David’s Sling, have felled dozens of rockets since the attacks began.
4146	It's definitely a club that is on the rise and with a lot of history.
4147	It’s definitely not the greatest thriller to come out of Hollywood, but it’s still an enjoyable movie to watch, even if you want to make a drinking game out of it.
4148	It's designed to charge multiple devices simultaneously(Opens in a new window)(opens in a new tab) and reduce wire spaghetti altogether.
4149	It's differentiated in some meaningful fashion and where we like the economics.
4150	It’s difficult to convey this dual system needed to make the festival work.
4151	“It’s easier for them to get to games obviously … They’ve been very supportive; their goal is to be at every home game this year and most of the away games.”
4152	It seemed that Brando was up for just about any conversation, no topic off limits, but I purposely steered the talk away from his fame and acting career.
4153	It seems that everyone starts with poetry, right?
4154	It seems that Lubbock and Bovina, Texas, officials wanted to believe Diana's account of what happened, or it never occurred to them not to, so it was all assumed to be unfortunate, but natural.
4155	It seems that Yaccarino is starting earlier than anticipated, though.
4156	It seems to be we’re a foodie generation.”
4157	“It’s either pay attention to these things now or wait for someone else to die,” he said.
4158	It’s embarrassing to call it “investigative.”
4159	It’s estimated that, in its first 50 years, the Endangered Species Act has saved 99 percent of all the species listed as endangered under the Act from permanent extinction.
4160	‘It sets me back with my mental health.
4161	It’s failed on multiple occasions, including the last two sessions.
4162	Its Fairphone 4 smartphone has a six-year guarantee on parts availability, and it would be nice to have something similar for the Fairbuds XL given how much of the value proposition is built around repairs.
4163	It’s felt like a real break from the drudgery.
4164	"Its goal is also to ensure that measures are taken so that such a situation does not happen again."
4165	It's going to be a really interesting course.
4166	“It’s good that we’re in a different place and we’re able to turn a chapter forward,” answered Dr. Mandy Cohen, the CDC’s new director.
4167	It’s good to process things.”
4168	“It’s happening all over the country because PFAS chemicals have been in use for years without adequate regulation.”
4169	It's hard just to fathom how another human being can just leave an innocent victim on the side of the road," expressed Officer Salas.
4170	It’s hard to deny that quality rest can have a positive outcome on your well-being.
4171	It’s hard to describe the scene'
4172	“It’s hard to put into words what Coach CB brings to this team,” Taylor added.
4173	It's hard to say how long the Dassault Mirage 2000 will be in service, but it'll likely be a while.
4174	It’s hard to say that right now, but we are really grateful for the support and I think what we’ve done in the last four weeks has been amazing.”
4175	It shot up to such an extent that for a working day, you never really needed to cart a power brick around with you.
4176	It should be playful.
4177	It should not," JPMorgan argued.
4178	It shows a scene of horse-drawn traffic carnage in Worcester in 1881 as a flock of sheep are driven along Foregate Street, past the Star Hotel and under the railway bridge.
4179	It shows both the upper and lower projections.
4180	It’s immaterial, in our view, that Trump has proclaimed himself a candidate for office.
4181	It’s important for all school personnel to know that the federal student privacy law allows this type of information-sharing because it relates to school and personal safety.
4182	It’s important that younger generations have better role models – that they see people who have made a good name and a good career for themselves.’
4183	Its intensity begins with blackberry and cherry, building to a full crescendo of flavor.
4184	“It’s interesting to think about the fact that 10 years ago, 20 years ago, we weren’t having these discussions.
4185	It’s in the middle way, not that conservative, not that labour either.
4186	It’s just a great feeling.
4187	“It’s just a matter of one win and we are back in the top eight,” the coach said.
4188	"It's just amazing how the community always comes to help out.
4189	It’s just bonkers stuff.
4190	“It’s just different than it used to be,” Hewko said.
4191	“It’s just frustrating that it’s taking so long.”
4192	It’s just gross.
4193	It's just not that cameo characters are more interesting.
4194	“It’s just to provide more support for the ligament itself,” he explained.
4195	“It’s just very nice to know that he’s fighting this with me and he’s been with me every step of the way.
4196	"It's key for customers to become more empathetic and mindful of the pressures agents face.
4197	It’s kind of like how the grass in tends to hide money and items.
4198	It's kind of like someone saying, 'You want to go to this school reunion that's not your year?
4199	“It’s like a 2023 version of ‘25 Lighters,’ but like I had the Unforgiveable guy come into my mind, and then thats at the end and we just got creative and added the ‘25 lighters’ mixed it in and payed homage and just made a once in a lifetime hit.”
4200	It's like a sleepaway camp for old guys at this point.
4201	It’s like, beautiful,” he added.
4202	Its marketplace connects manufacturers primarily in Asia with resellers in the United States, Asia, and Europe to execute cross-border transactions across furniture, home appliance, fitness equipment, and other large parcel categories.
4203	It’s misery for so many.
4204	It’s more cost-effective than licensing a massive hit, and there’s the opportunity to truly hit a home run by connecting your brand with something innovative and fresh.
4205	“It’s more like, ‘Here they say it more, but especially if you’re a man, or you’re blue-collar.’
4206	It’s more likely a matter of when and how much time he’s hurt, compared to if he ever hits the IL.
4207	It’s much quicker than going through the implant process.
4208	It’s native to the Philippines and was first introduced to other parts of Asia by traders who traveled there during trade routes between East Africa and India.
4209	It's nerve-wracking, but I'll do my best."
4210	It’s never as good or as bad as it seems when you lose an Origin game you are expected to win!
4211	“It’s nice to have that support and hopefully when the witch trials book comes out that can generate a big response as it is set locally.”
4212	It’s nobody’s business but their own.
4213	It’s no stretch to say that while each of the siblings has had their Emmy-worthy moments throughout this season, when all three are in the same room, the show sizzles in a different way.
4214	It’s not a future thing.
4215	“It’s not an easy thing,” McLellan said.
4216	It’s not a resource.
4217	It’s not a salt scrape it with a forker,” another person observed.
4218	“It’s not at all clear why the Lib Dems think £92,000 will enable Artrix to reopen.”
4219	It’s not clear yet how long different long Covid symptoms tend to persist.
4220	It’s not easy to find someone of like-mindedness out there online or offline before Covid and since Covid but this is what we do here at The Outing Festival.”
4221	“It’s not even a proper tent,” he said, jokingly.
4222	It's nothing short of amazing what Team Ico was able to pull off with the PlayStation 2 hardware.
4223	It's not just the price of a turkey that gets people talking these days either - supermarkets' efforts to pull in the punters with their festive menus become supercharged from as early as September.
4224	“It’s not just the region; it’s overseas, as well, across the world.
4225	It’s not so clear why our prophet has been commanded to deliver a message to a foreign king of a distant nation.
4226	It's not the type of person Mikey is.
4227	It's not uncommon for PCs to need to reboot a couple of times on their first startup, and some can even take a couple of minutes to boot the first time while they configure memory and other components.
4228	It's not your typical sports bar inside a former Wendy's.
4229	It’s no wonder that sports fans, the majority of whom value cisheteronormativity, would look down on women’s basketball or that sports media companies would opt out of covering games.
4230	Its one concrete suggestion — a broad, league-based tournament sitting above the domestic competitions — is at best a matter of taste.
4231	It’s one of the few pieces that’s versatile enough to wear almost anywhere, and it offers incredible comfort and flexibility.
4232	“(It’s) one of the oldest sites in Europe that have tools characteristic of the so called Middle Palaeolithic tool industry, suggesting that Greece may have played a significant role in (stone) industry developments in Europe,” the researchers said.
4233	It’s one of those emptily ahistorical rhetorical statements that make little sense: When have we, as a nation or a species, ever known what was going to happen?
4234	It’s one thing to have a motto and say you will do something: it’s altogether different when your words spring into action and follow through on their promise.
4235	It sounds like Tripp will back out of his offer to move there with Wendy, so she’ll have to decide what that means for her own future.
4236	It’s peaceful, exciting and extremely friendly, and I wouldn’t want to be anywhere else!”
4237	It's possible that one of Kang the Conqueror's variants authored the book, gifting him an intense knowledge of the spells within.
4238	It's really upsetting.
4239	Its roster includes approximately 70 titles of ongoing manga currently in serialization and span genres including action, thriller, isekai (speculative fiction), romance, and fantasy.
4240	It’s set up to house people who already have government funding in hand and need a place to call home.
4241	“It’s shocking,” White said of the failure to score a touchdown.
4242	Its small size makes it a great choice for subtly monitoring a workplace, shop or other location.
4243	It’s so intense that it stings your eyes.”
4244	It’s so wonderful to see him carry on the Jackson legacy of entertainers and performers,” said Katherine Jackson.
4245	It’s still better than alcohol though.
4246	It’s still in the infancy stage with what we are trying to do with a new group.
4247	It’s still worth doing.”
4248	It’s stranger still given that Protect Democracy has one really notable funder: Democratic megadonor and top Biden backer Reid Hoffman.
4249	It's sure to enrich your life, especially if you often suffer from allergies or have furry friends at home.
4250	It’s tail feathers were out a bit, I hope just drying off, and not because the bird was injured.
4251	'It's taken a toll on my mom and her health, as well.'
4252	It’s the culmination of several years hard work involving our own team as well as our partners across the region and beyond.
4253	It's the media, stupid!
4254	“It’s the most expensive restaurant I’ve ever built.”
4255	“It’s this amazing creature.”
4256	'It's time to bring local democracy back to Wirral!'
4257	It’s to continue to serve as one of snowboarding’s greatest ambassadors and show the audience some tricks that they perhaps don’t get to see all the time.
4258	It strongly threatens encryption & free speech while making it harder to protect children from online abuse.
4259	It’s true that Fagin was never seen engaging in Jewish rituals or speaking about his identity as a Jew like Riah did.
4260	It’s unclear how Trump’s legal woes could impact his popularity in the next year, as some of his trials are currently slated to begin prior to next year’s election day.
4261	It’s unclear what type of whale washed up in Manasquan, but Kanitra estimated the carcass was the size of a bus.
4262	It’s up to Ruth to say how she felt, but I was feeling hurt for her.
4263	“It's up to the BBC – often they will rest a brand.
4264	It’s usually like a warm dinner gathering of smarter friends— a place to collectively mourn or cheer the current state of affairs.
4265	Its value was estimated between in the past year, working out to around around two-thirds of the revenues generated across the region as a whole.
4266	It's very normal for people to give up on their resolutions.
4267	It’s vital to seek help if your chronic anxiety is accompanied by symptoms such as rapid heart rate, chest pain, or difficulty breathing, as these can be signs of a more serious condition.
4268	It’s well directed, the soundtrack rules, and Chris Hemsworth absolutely BODIED this Easily my favorite performance of his,’ one X user fumed.
4269	It’s well-suited for being productive but also for gaming, reading or browsing.
4270	It took 30 minutes for the home team to create the first real opening of the match.
4271	It took about two hours to get the fire under control, according to firefighters.
4272	It took a few weeks before I got my head around it but, once I did, I was filled with joy."
4273	It “took decades” for Hilton to view her teacher as a “pedophile” and “molester.”
4274	It took me the rest of the hour to complete the square.
4275	It took no time at all to heat up and the different power settings means you can target it depending on how powerful you need the steam to be.
4276	It tweeted: "Due to outside temperatures in excess of 30C and its impact on working conditions on stage, we have reluctantly taken the decision to cancel today's performance of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory the Musical."
4277	Itubo appealed to Fubara to engage more mediators to interface with all the actors, insisting that there must be sacrifice for there to be peace.
4278	It used to be the administrative seat of the Bolewa people in the 16th century and of historical significance of Daniski hill today are the ruins of emirs’ palace, graveyards, old storage system (Silos) and an ancient well.
4279	It usually involves setting up authentication methods, such as passwords, tokens, or biometrics, that must be provided by users before they can gain access to the system or data.
4280	It was a back-and-forth affair with six lead changes.
4281	It was a beautiful moment at the end of the episode that I hope bring some closure to the fans.
4282	It was a big year for the local Monticello Badcock Furniture store, as they placed 15th in the nation based on their performance over the last year.
4283	It was a campaign by Esso at the time to sell gas.
4284	It was a fatuous charge.
4285	“It was a good moment,” Davis said.
4286	It was a good summer for the city.
4287	It was a great spectacle for the Premier League.
4288	It was also during this historical moment when the Greek culture blossomed in the East, both architecturally and culturally.
4289	"It was a minor injury collision involving two vehicles.
4290	It was a must-win situation for to claim one of the final playoff spots in the Greater Allegheny Conference.
4291	It was an adjustment for me being looked at like that.”
4292	It was an eight-month shoot and I loved every minute of it,' she said, adding: 'I was just so excited to play one of my childhood heroes.'
4293	"It was an important goal and there were two other important finishes as well.
4294	It was announced recently that the emergency department of the Hawkesbury and District General Hospital would be closed from Friday evening until Tuesday at 8 a.m. due to high volumes in the ER and to a nursing staff shortage.
4295	It was another day, another ETF dollar, and business as usual in ETF land.
4296	It was approved last month by current Industry Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne with a set of conditions.
4297	It was a thrilling affair: baseball was played, dreams were crushed, and Logan endured his very first health scare.
4298	It was a tough one everywhere as inflation worries amped up after a high reading from the UK.
4299	“It was a very dire situation and a mess of our own making, so the U.S. came up with this program to evacuate them,” said Misterek.
4300	It was BMW that finished the highest of the lot, at No. 4, closely followed by Volvo at No. 5, Subaru at No. 7, then Cadillac all the way back at the 17 spot and Mini bringing up the rear in 19th.
4301	It was during that time that Florence realized her desire for a new family portrait, like the ones people used to get at Sears or JCPenney.
4302	It was, effectively, an accident in terms of his part of it.
4303	It was found following reports a person had been threatened with a knife as they attempted to investigate why water was flooding into a neighbouring property.
4304	“It was hard for her at the beginning; spinning records was just a male-dominated thing,” her brother said.
4305	It was Head’s eagerness to grab the opener’s spot, which he said he had been eyeing for two years, that ensured all the risks the management took paid off.
4306	It was heavenly, a bit like grazing on delightful shards of sharp honey.
4307	It was his 34th career leadoff homer and eighth this season.
4308	It was horrific and vile.
4309	It was hours until dawn, but all were wide awake, the chatter incessant.
4310	"It was incredible, and I thought I was being punked the whole time because, I know I'm being part of coming out what behind the scenes of all these CGI motion capture movies look like.
4311	It was interesting, but in no way surprising, to read of their roots in racism in the story “Why ‘out of control’ tipping persists – for now” from the Sept. 20 Daily.
4312	"It was just amazing; the generosity of the people who invited us on to their country," Sophia said.
4313	It was just a regular farewell at show's end.
4314	It was kind of like, ‘Yeah someone had to say it.’
4315	It was much closer and cheaper for the canton.
4316	“It was nice to make the score look like that,” explained Troops head coach Ryan Oulahen.
4317	It was not known what gun caliber was used in the attack.
4318	It was not that these feelings were familiar to me: I’m not a film student, I’m not dating an older, manipulative man and, of course, I’m not living in the early eighties.
4319	It was not the responsibilty of the river authority.
4320	It was November, and snow was sure to come — but the world just wasn’t prepared.
4321	“It wasn’t an easy decision,” said board member Jim Malkin.
4322	“It wasn’t the first time he visited,” said Massimiliano Albanese, the owner of the bar and restaurant.
4323	"It was one of the most difficult days we've had to go through as a family," Tru, the founder of the Black Business Magazine, told Radio West Midlands.
4324	It was relatively easier for the company since inflation started to decrease in 4Q 2022.
4325	It was reported earlier this month that he to go to rehab to get himself cleaned up from excess alcohol intake.
4326	"It was rough, just a beat and a melody with Boz humming.
4327	It was said the item potentially contained salmonella, a type of bacteria that can cause food poisoning.
4328	It was such an upsetting moment for me I just walked out of the office.”
4329	It was supposed to “get you a new figure by Christmas,” as one holiday ad said.
4330	It was the most important period in the Hayes family's lives.
4331	It was the most property loss in the Lithgow LGA due to the fire.
4332	It was time to leave, and indeed a relief to return to Thailand.
4333	It was unclear if in-state rival Arizona State will join the Wildcats.
4334	'It was very clear, there was no way Gove was letting him go.
4335	"It was very special to us as a family to see the Welsh Nipper Championships being run so incredibly well by our club officials alongside SLSA Wales,” she said.
4336	It was what BBC Scotland programme makers imagined could happen back in 1973, in one of the most controversial episodes in the corporation's 100-year history north of the border.
4337	It was yet another way McClane helped to usher in a new form of action hero.
4338	It will admit 30,000 per month from those nations to the U.S. Mexico will continue to take back the same number who cross illegally.
4339	It will also open the doors for trains running on electric traction to enter Meghalaya.
4340	It will also visit a neighbouring garden overlooking Broad Haven before returning to the youth hostel by 3pm.
4341	It will be free from gluten if you do not add any gluten-containing ingredients to your steak.
4342	It will be the first ever MMIP Day of Action at the capitol addressing the crisis and solutions for missing or murdered endangered indigenous people.
4343	It will be the third competition meeting between the clubs at the venue; the sides drew (10-10) in 2018 while defeat (13-8) was our lot in Spring ‘22.
4344	It will create buzz every time Paul is around in anticipation of his cash-in.
4345	It will have the capacity to house up to three lamination lines in the future as well as provide additional warehouse and storage space.
4346	It will not become a factor when we go into the elections.”
4347	It would be a waste of a trip.
4348	It would become a sanctuary for the Princess in her later life.
4349	It would be good if you could communicate what is in your heart.
4350	It would be the first feature length film to bring this controversial and often misunderstood area of longevity science into the mainstream.
4351	It would have taken Fugaku 7 million years to solve this problem.
4352	It would infringe on settled principles of religious freedom, for which we argue for our sisters and brothers overseas, and it would also call into question the rights and protections of conscience for other denominations and faiths."
4353	I use a stick when walking and have foot drop.”
4354	I used potato and grain sacks and stitched them together as curtains.
4355	"I used to be able to see the stones at the bottom of the river but now they are all covered in a layer of green slime.
4356	I usually don’t have time to or want to shop for these.
4357	I’ve already had a better life than they did.
4358	I’ve been in this industry for nearly 40 years and nothing comes remotely close to the unprecedented challenges we had to face during the first year of lockdown.”
4359	I’ve been in this situation before, where my rear was much more stable.”
4360	“I’ve been really fortunate and really blessed to surround myself with really smart, smarter than me, hardworking people, both on the mortgage side and on the podcast side,” he said.
4361	I’ve gone shooting with my friends many times.
4362	I've gotten very good at it.
4363	I've hired many people and would love to hear these responses,' another person added.
4364	I’ve learned more from the kids.”
4365	“I’ve made these changes around and it’s a lot easier, especially since El Camino is so accommodating.”
4366	'I've never been anti-vaccine,' RFK Jr. claimed, 'and I've said that hundreds and hundreds of times, but that doesn't matter because that's a way of silencing me.
4367	I've personally had seven, but there were three that couldn't be found.
4368	I’ve probably improved as I’ve gone along.
4369	“I’ve seen the 27 days in a row,” she said.
4370	I’ve struggled with that.”
4371	"I've told them that if we don't get a grip of this problem someone will be badly injured or even killed," he says.
4372	“I’ve worked for AT&T when telephones were the size of a breadbox,” he said.
4373	I wanted those guys to maximize their potential and those guys believed in me and I definitely believed in them.”
4374	I wanted to learn from the best and the most purpose-focused organisation in sport, maybe the world, is the Right to Dream group (RTD), which established itself in in 1999 and bought Nordsjælland in 2015.
4375	I wanted to write her story not out of curiosity, but because it contains so much rich detail.
4376	I want my mother to be happy.”
4377	I want to be that leader who can show everyone how it’s done.
4378	I want to give Ava her own bedroom with a dressing table, just like every 13-year-old girl wants.”
4379	I want to inspire my pupils': Teacher defends decision to.
4380	'I want to reassure them that the Foreign Office and the Government here is in close contact with our Israeli counterpart to establish the status of any British nationals on the ground.
4381	“I was advising people the initial peak was going to hit the city at in the morning,” Longmont’s Rademacher said.
4382	I was a reader.
4383	I was a very relieved man when she finally gave birth.
4384	I was born in Manchester but I am Irish.
4385	I was carrying my baby daughter and Kottke was very friendly.
4386	“I was depressed for a long time,” she said.
4387	‘I was disappointed by some of the big names, it was more about them than the club.
4388	I was excited, but still anxious to see when the bracket came out.
4389	I was getting excited about it.”
4390	I was going off a hope and a prayer.
4391	“I was honored to have had an official title for the past year, but my work will continue with or without it.
4392	I was in a rural environment so I’d have to find a phone at lunchtime.
4393	I was in the toilet and voices convinced me my dad was trying to kill me."
4394	I was introduced to Mr Odey through mutual friends in November 2021.
4395	I was just always hungry and frustrated.'
4396	I was just super bored and wanted to spend time with you."
4397	I was just wondering, as you -- as we get to 2024 bid season, how are you thinking about Expedited rates, Dedicated rates?
4398	I was kind of surprised to see "Bella" take the first place.
4399	"I was like, 'There's another one?'
4400	I was like, ‘Whoa, you’re a bit late.’
4401	I was nervous and unsure what to make of it, but the staff was patient and encouraging and eventually chipped away at the walls I had built up around myself.
4402	“I was not sure if I would get a similar response or not and the support really keeps me going and inspires me.”
4403	I was obviously hearing something else."
4404	“I was quite shocked to even hear that there was a party down here.”
4405	I was raised Catholic; my family attends Mass every weekend, prays together and integrates the faith in everything we do.
4406	I was shocked and immediately thought about my daughter, Evie, who was only one at the time."
4407	I was sitting to his left.
4408	"I was so happy that my dreams were going to come true to have our own café but then hit so we couldn't sign." she said.
4409	"I was struck by the extraordinary dedication and efficiency of the RFS crews, and also by the age of many of the volunteers," she said.
4410	'I was stuck for 30 minutes, luckily I had my phone, so I messaged the work group chat that I just literally got added to moments before.'
4411	I was thinking, I have some problem but I changed my technique a little.
4412	“I was this little arrogant Puerto Rican from the Bronx with all this machismo,” Colon said.
4413	“I went back to school, did what my wife told me to do,” Jim Durbin said.
4414	“I will continue to elevate it,” she said of their alleged mistreatment by the Department of Justice.
4415	I will forever be grateful to them” she said in a Hindi message.
4416	I will highlight three areas of focus for the EagleBank team.
4417	"I will miss her tremendously.
4418	I will try to keep the shape towards Eugene and to finish this year in a nice way.
4419	I wish I was kidding, but this could be the best thing to ever happen to me.
4420	I wish the break was maybe just a couple weeks and then get back to it,” he said.
4421	I wonder how a great broadcaster like SBS, with such high standards in all its other programming, has allowed itself to become a vandal of the cinema.
4422	I wonder how the organ sounds during a storm vs. when the weather is calm.
4423	“I would almost liken it to being in the medical profession,” Young says.
4424	“I would always say no or I didn’t know because nothing was ever official.
4425	I would describe the school as byrlymus, a Welsh word which you can’t really translate but means lively and effervescent.
4426	I would drive to Maniwaki and see it all, this huge house right by the lake.”
4427	"I would like to say a big 'thank you' to everyone who has supported me."
4428	I would put our employees against any city government in the entire country.
4429	I would say that I am happy that their children haven’t experienced egregious hate, harm and trauma.
4430	I would say that in Australia, if I will put a number to it, it's probably around in the 50%, 60-plus percent range.
4431	"I would show up," Olyphant told reporters when asked if he would continue with the.
4432	I would strongly argue that the current level of the FTSE 100 should not cause any concern: UK larger-company shares are in fact very attractively valued.
4433	I would urge people from the community who may have any information which could help us to contact us.
4434	“I would’ve done it if I was free,” she insists.
4435	Jabeur, who later also reached 2022 U.S. Open Final but lost to Iga Swiatek, was bidding to become the first Arab player to win a Grand Slam title and the first African woman to lift one of the four major trophies.
4436	Jacaranda Place, located on the north end of Loveland Boulevard, offers discounted rent to low-income residents.
4437	Jack Clarke, whose earlier strike built on the opener from Dan Ballard, tucked the spot-kick away just after the half-hour mark to effectively render the last hour of the contest a dead rubber.
4438	Jackiey is a bit nuts, I love her, she's funny.
4439	Jack nailed a Death Valley Driver on Allie through a table in the corner for the pin.
4440	Jack proudly embraces his identity as a pirate, using the simple phrase "Pirate" to assert his scoundrel ways and lack of remorse.
4441	Jacobs Levy Equity Management Inc. decreased its position in Clearwater Paper Co. () by 8.2% during the 3rd quarter, reports.
4442	Jaffray was Ellsworth’s catalyst underneath but she also displayed the ability to score from the outside as well.
4443	Jain called it “unnecessary media speculation”.
4444	James Doyle is a super player with very powerful and fast serves from both the right and left sides.
4445	James Rogers and Genesis Reyes are currently planning their elopement in Ireland next May.
4446	James Ryan powers over for the second Ireland try.
4447	Jamie Oliver is renowned for his low-cost ethos and family-style recipes, but most of all, for his uncomplicated approach to cooking.
4448	Janney Montgomery Scott LLC owned approximately 0.75% of Pacer Lunt Large Cap Multi-Factor Alternator ETF as of its most recent SEC filing.
4449	Janus Henderson Group had a return on equity of 11.27% and a net margin of 17.16%.
4450	Japan's Finance Minister Suzuki: It's critical for FX to fluctuate steadily in response to economic fundamentalsfinancialjuice.
4451	Japan sounds out BOJ deputy Amamiya for central bank governorasia.
4452	Jason Momoa shared message of support for Hawaii ‘friends’
4453	Jason wasn't corrupted by being revived, but just followed the logic of seeing Batman kill and being tasked with doing so himself - albeit in extreme circumstances.
4454	Javon Roberts was second in the Boys U17 1500m.
4455	JCS said the South Korean military was on high alert and maintaining a full readiness posture in close coordination with the US, according to the JCS.
4456	Jeff Etheridge was staying at his vacation home in North Myrtle Beach when a waterspout or tornado tore off the home's roof.
4457	Jeremy Grey is having to find a way to cut back.
4458	Jerry Pait of Hartsville said he and his wife live on a fixed income.
4459	Jessica is one of the two non-Indigenous players permitted to be selected in the Indigenous team.
4460	JetBlue Airways’s revenue was up 6.7% compared to the same quarter last year.
4461	Jeudy, on the other hand, was a first-round draft pick for the Broncos in 2020 and showed promise in his rookie season, finishing with 856 receiving yards and three touchdowns.
4462	Jill is woefully under-developed and exists largely to support Clive.
4463	JK Rowling reveals her abusive ex-husband kept manuscript.
4464	"Jobs are really important in this area.
4465	Job seekers are flocking to these hiring events in droves – nearly 200 people showed up in Philadelphia on a recent Monday afternoon.
4466	Jobs holds a BA in history and international security and an MA in history, both from Stanford University.
4467	Joe claimed The GC had ‘cheated’ with late-night snack sessions while living on the sugar-free retreat but the TOWIE star hit back, saying the series would have been “YAWNSVILLE” without her.
4468	Joe Rogan Says He'd Vote for Donald Trump Over Joe Biden in 2024: "The Country Was Thriving"
4469	John Lammie with reserve champion Gavin’s Boy at the Arran Farmers’ Christmas Show.
4470	John Pilger, an Australia-born journalist and documentary filmmaker known for his coverage of the Khmer Rouge in Cambodia, has died, his family said Sunday.
4471	“Johnson, 47, had emerged as the most popular progressive among the initial nine candidates, then bested the more conservative Vallas in the runoff to take Chicago’s top elected office Tuesday.”
4472	Johnson is said by witnesses to have seen press office gatherings on his way to the No 10 flat, and to have occasionally joined these gatherings when his attendance had not been planned.
4473	Johnson is the third Cyclone selected in this draft, joining teammates Will McDonald IV, first round pick Thursday by the New York Jets, and Xavier Hutchinson, who went earlier Saturday to the Houston Texans.
4474	John Stones, Josko Gvardiol and Kyle Walker surely come back into the team to play alongside Ruben Dias in a strong defence.
4475	Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB) has announced that candidates seeking direct entry admission into any Nigerian university will now be made to sit the Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (UTME).
4476	Jokic’s first two buckets, both put-backs, helped the Nuggets jump out to a 22-9 advantage in the first six minutes.
4477	“Joking aside, Rob has got his back, he’ll look after him.
4478	Jonathan Jones reports that the team is letting potential OC candidates know that Howell is their starter next season.
4479	Joneva was of the Christian faith and attended Tollesboro Christian Church.
4480	Jon Freeman said: “These findings bolster prior work that facial stereotypes may have disastrous effects in the real world, but, more importantly, provide a potential inroad toward combating these sorts of biases.
4481	Jonny didn't want him to go, and said that he'd test his dad to see if his dad still wanted Davey dead.
4482	Jordan serves as creative director on the story for produced through his company, Outlier Society, as well as Chartoff-Winkler and BOOM!
4483	Jordan started using the pantry for occasional snacking, and became more needful of it when she moved in with her family to stay close to Aims.
4484	Jory Johner, Wasatch Front Regional Council director of long range planning, talks about the Regional Transit Plan (RTP) during a WFRC meeting at the WFRC in Salt Lake City on Thursday, May 25, 2023.
4485	Josh Anderson lost the puck along the boards near the blue line in the defensive zone, which led to a give-and-go clinic from Gustafsson and Evgeny Kuznetzov between four Canadiens defenders — Anderson, Jonathan Drouin, Justin Barron and Mike Hoffman.
4486	Joshua Bragg and Aaron Martin have been jailed for a string of high value car thefts in Dartford and Gravesend.
4487	Joy-Anna Duggar and Austin Forsyth welcomed their baby boy just a little early.
4488	Joyce asked in a bitchy proud tone.
4489	Joyce Held, a member of the Pownal Historical Society, has spent a decade using genealogical research tools to create a three-dimensional picture of the 18th-century woman.
4490	Joy Ruffeski is a frequent contributor to Through Your Lens.
4491	Juanmi missed a good opportunity to score when he went through but was denied by David de Gea.
4492	Judges were wowed by Elijah's performance of "God Bless the Broken Road" by Rascal Flatts.
4493	Julia his mum, who we would visit and he loved – he wrote a beautiful song about her – but she had to give him up.”
4494	Julian Bynum was shot multiple times on the sidewalk in front of an apartment complex on the 6800 Block of Simpson Avenue.
4495	Julian Turcanu uses his brute strength and some garden tools to dig up some stubborn roots.
4496	July 1, 2023 – Remy Shifflett, 4 of Dundalk, looks approvingly at the Sonic the Hedgehog design painted by Rhonda Hardesty of Face Paint by Micki at the Dundalk 2023 community heritage fair, which runs through tomorrow evening.
4497	July 12, 2023 at 9:15 p.m.
4498	June 10, Sept. 23, Oct. 14: Monson Savings Bank will once again host free community shred days in 2023.
4499	Jung Kook’s vocals are accompanied by a variety of brass instrumentals and a cool bass to create a funky masterpiece that has been quickly taking over the charts.
4500	Jurgen Klopp faces same problem as Mauricio Pochettino as Liverpool 'receive £10.4m bid'
4501	Just about always, Counsell has managed aggressively.
4502	Just adjacent to Hudson Yards at Manhattan West you will find seats on this outdoor deck that offers up amazing views and even more amazing food and drinks.
4503	Just a few hours before the crash, Strathspey Steam Railway shared some information about the train's history, stating: "While we are currently celebrating Flying Scotsman's 100 years of running, it hasn't always been without problems.
4504	Just as complicated, the project required that both the governor and the mayor of New York each agree to collaborate as equal partners to ensure that the city and state met their respective funding obligations.
4505	Just as Filipino nurses grapple with meagre pay, poor working conditions, and low nurse-to-patient ratios, rich countries have become more aggressive in tempting them abroad.
4506	Just as the former Brisbane opener looked like hitting his straps, he was out, caught at backward point by Johnson.
4507	“Just because someone hasn’t been active for 30 days or a few years, doesn’t mean their tweets don’t still have a great amount of relevance.”
4508	Just because we are poor does not mean the government can try to sign deals without proper consultations with us.
4509	“Just having him there and representing the country, the flag, is just going to be such a great moment for the USA.
4510	Justice Kumaliya in her judgement, found the defendant guilty and convicted him to a fine of N200,000.00 (Two Hundred Thousand Naira only) or one-year imprisonment.
4511	Justin Guy said he first made a number of calls, to see if anyone knew anything, before calling the police.
4512	Just like in times past, Tamar came unhinged after the breakup, talking recklessly on her social media platforms and even being seen in public with her ex, David.
4513	Just like its landscape and population, Africa’s telco industry is rich in diversity.
4514	Just like provides the audience with many disturbing deaths, tons of suspense, and a bit of mystery to keep them engaged.
4515	Just like the ODM Gear from Attack On Titan, the web-shooters have a limited number of charges before their energy runs out but you can activate them a maximum of 80 times.
4516	'Just say your phone is monitored by the police!': Our readers reveal their best tactics to beat phone.
4517	Just to share another valuation method, ABT's EPS is forecasted to be about $4.40 for 2023, which is sharp decline YoY as the author states.
4518	Just two years later Leicester, the Premier League champions of 2016, would be relegated from the top-flight.
4519	Just upload a translated subtitle file with original timestamps, choose one of our 600 realistic voice generators in 90 languages, and get a perfectly synchronized audio track in minutes."
4520	Just wanted to kind of drill down, I guess, on those two comments.
4521	Just what I was looking for!
4522	Juventus had a different mentality.
4523	Juzang did his best work after the RedHawks took a 40-34 lead with 4:10 left in regulation.
4524	Kabompo District Commissioner, Hubert Chinyanga confirmed the incident which occurred yesterday, October 26, 2023 in Senior Chief Sikufele’s area.
4525	KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — The bodies of 18 Afghan migrants who died while being smuggled into Bulgaria were returned to…
4526	Kadin knows the power of these tools, specifically for calming panic attacks.
4527	“Kalkbrenner is a very difficult kid in his own right, but Tosan is like Grant Hill,’’ Princeton coach Mitch Henderson said.
4528	Kallarakal, whose battle for the No. 2 match was left unfinished, praised the team’s effort in the NCAC tournament.
4529	Kambala was in the books of Motsepe Foundation Championship side Magesi FC last campaign.
4530	KanyiDaily had also reported how a man, Alex Okuta caught his pregnant wife red-handed having sex with a 24-year-old man in a hospital in Apac District, Uganda.
4531	Karen Foote, 63, of Sparks, had looked forward to the first birthday, on Dec. 29, of her grandson and his first Christmas, Foote’s sister Kristine Woodworth said.
4532	Karol also played “Mi Ex Tenía Razon,” a cumbia that she dedicated to the Queen of Tejano, Selena Quintanilla.
4533	Katie took to social media, on Tuesday, to share their rendition of the iconic track, I Have Nothing, and captioned the clip: "Tuesday tunes with my gorgeous Princess."
4534	KB Financial Partners LLC boosted its stake in shares of argenx by 112.5% in the 1st quarter.
4535	“Keeping children enrolled in childcare centres would give the mother more time to engage at work,” she said.
4536	Keeping that up in the high-stress world of airlines with frequent fliers and getting to know the crew could be a big competitive advantage.
4537	Keeping this in mind, you can take charge of your SEO strategy by leveraging the power of AI and Bard to understand and respond to Google algorithm changes quickly.
4538	Keeping track of your private key can be a bit tricky for some users.
4539	Keep in mind that resetting your Apple Watch will erase all data and settings, so it should be used as a last resort.
4540	Keep the numbers down was the mantra at the time.
4541	Keep your photos and files safely stored.
4542	Kehoe, wearing a black and luminous green fitness top, started to cry as she left the dock and looked towards the public gallery.
4543	Keighley town councillor Andrea Walker says a car, reported as abandoned, has been parked close to her home in Bar Lane, Riddlesden, for around three months.
4544	Keith Ramsay, Ccair of the Dewsbury Town Deal Board, added: “Over the last year, we’ve been working tirelessly with the council to make sure these designs deliver the best possible results for local people and visitors, and for market traders.
4545	Kelly said the short-term losses from the attacks would run into millions of rands, including the cost of vehicles, cargo, personal effects, road damage, delays in movement and shipping penalties.
4546	Kelly served as Toronto's backup behind veteran McLeod Bethel-Thompson in 2022, making his first CFL start in the club's regular-season finale versus Montreal.
4547	Kennedy has been popping the egos of Biden’s judicial picks, revealing their utter ignorance of the law.
4548	Kennedy has faced criticism from his own relatives for repeatedly parroting bogus conspiracy theories that FDA-approved jabs are not safe.
4549	Kentucky is back on the court at 7 p.m. Wednesday vs. Vanderbilt at Rupp Arena.
4550	Ken was a good friend and neighbour to many and will be sadly missed by all who knew him.
4551	Kerry and Tyrone spectators watch the 2021 All-Ireland SFC semi-final between their counties at Croke Park.
4552	KFF Health News senior correspondent Fred Clasen-Kelly contributed to this report.
4553	Khan said he wasn't involved in raids or detentions so couldn't comment on allegations of mishandling.
4554	Khiron Life Sciences Corp.) is a vertically-integrated medical cannabis company fully licensed to conduct its core operations in Colombia.
4555	Kicking off her 15-week stint, the opening night was in aid of Sheridan’s appearance in the Duke Of York theatre’s Shirley Valentine.
4556	Kidnappings rose to 46, the highest number on record, according to the police, who detained 76 people in connection with the cases, most of whom were identified as foreigners.
4557	Kids are going back to school.
4558	Kili Paul shared the video a few days back and since then it has accumulated more than one million likes and over 7 million views.
4559	Kim, who’s hopeful that she can find her place as Welcome To Plathville season 5 continues on, has to find humility before she can move forward.
4560	Kindly leave your comments below and don’t forget to like, share and follow me for more updates.
4561	Kindness, happiness, strong work ethic.
4562	Kindness, in this case, looks like using a calm voice, not snapping or overcorrecting, but accepting and acknowledging Colin’s need for reassurance.
4563	Kindred Works applied to close a portion of a street so the development can be constructed farther away from existing properties on Millidge Avenue.
4564	Kingda Ka is at the Six Flags in Jackson, New Jersey between Philadelphia and New York City.
4565	King hasn’t fought in a pit, but he has fought in the streets.
4566	King James made history.
4567	King Price Insurance recommends that motorists limit their travel on higher-risk days and at higher-risk times when possible.
4568	King's Coronation: Pubs to stay open longer in England and Walesbbc.
4569	Kingswells in Aberdeen topped the largest tiered school category, winning a £2,500 cash prize.
4570	Kinross Gold had a negative net margin of 15.09% and a positive return on equity of 4.34%.
4571	Kirk added: “Currently more ingredients and products are imported to support the increased demand for organic food.
4572	Kirsty Hanson (Aston Villa Women) is shown the yellow card.
4573	Kirsty Sutherland used controversial website Omegle to make a sexually explicit video call while in the presence of two children she was supposed to be looking after.
4574	Kishida arrived hours after Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in Moscow for talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
4575	KLA sports a strong balance sheet, with nearly $3 billion in cash and a weighted average debt maturity of nearly 20 years.
4576	Kliethermes has been solid all season for the Rebels.
4577	“Knowing how much the award meant to Gemma, we placed it in her hands.
4578	“knowing that Tina Turner was Beyoncé’s blueprint and one of her biggest influences makes that ‘Eat The Cake Anna Mae’ line in Drunk In Love even more jarring.”
4579	“Knowledge and education are an asset.
4580	Known as a Electronic Travel Authorisation (ETA), the visas will become a legal requirement for entry into the UK by anyone from outside the Common Travel Area (CTA).
4581	Known as dual use items, many are…
4582	Known as storm overflows, these are now regulated by the Environment Agency which grants permits and sets conditions.
4583	Known for turning any song into a parody, Barthus is no stranger to the viral-videos scene.
4584	Koby, from Alvechurch, Worcestershire, has been battling and still found the strength to go and support his local team on their cup journey.
4585	Kohberger (pictured) is expected to enter a plea on June 26, around the same time as the presentation of evidence, so Latah County has until the end of July to officially pursue the death penalty.
4586	Kohl’s Corp. is filling the void left by Michelle Gass, who in November stepped away to work under and ultimately succeed Levi Strauss & Co. CEO Chip Bergh.
4587	Kohl’s wisdom and engagement with all levels of the industry provide a unique perspective into future trends.
4588	Kouri Richins allegedly procured another $900 worth of fentanyl pills that C.L. at the outdoor firepit of the Midway House.
4589	Kravits was hired in 2020 to replace Bilinsky.
4590	Kravitz’s first two calls to action were for the community to have a collective understanding of homelessness and for residents to nurture themselves, families and values.
4591	Krekorian said in a statement that the council “built on the broadoutline of the mayor’s proposed budget” with amendments to ensure“transparency and accountability” in the city’s spending.
4592	Krynicka will also teach a course about the image and stereotypes of Jewish and non-Jewish women in Yiddish literature.
4593	KTR urged BRS cadres to celebrate the 14th anniversary of KCR Deeksha Divas on November 29 with fanfare and galore.
4594	Kurri pushed us so hard all the way.
4595	Kushner, who is former White House aide Jared Kushner's brother, and Kloss wed in 2018 and welcomed their son in March of 2021.
4596	Kyiv says its forces have been making their own gains on the outskirts of Bakhmut to the north and outh.
4597	Kyle and Stan become obsessed with and embark on a quest to become the greatest virtual rock stars of all time.
4598	Kyle Katarn is a character with a difficult past, first appearing in Star Wars: Dark Forces as a former Imperial officer who becomes a mercenary after he discovers the Empire was directly responsible for killing someone close to him.
4599	Kylie Minogue on stage at the Royal Albert Hall for An Audience With …
4600	Labor said two weeks ago that it would establish an entertainment precinct in inner-city Newcastle in which noise levels would be governed by the council and not the Liquor Act.
4601	Labour’s overwhelming win in the Rutherglen and Hamilton West by-election could put the party on course for Downing Street if it is replicated across Scotland, polling expert Professor Sir John Curtice has said.
4602	Lachambre said the place had “turned into a flop house, complete with drug dealing,” and “a severe cockroach infestation.”
4603	Lachance said he talked to an Air Canada employee recently and filed a verbal complaint with the airline company.
4604	Lachie's mother, Melissa, has flown to Bali to be by her son's bedside as he slowly recovers.
4605	LA Galaxy forward Preston Judd, left, tries to recover the ball against the Philadelphia Union during the second half of an MLS soccer match at Dignity Health Sports Park in Carson, Calif. on Saturday, July 8, 2023.
4606	Lagarde said, adding that policymakers were “
4607	LaGrange College is hoping to finalize the head coach by the end of the month.
4608	LAHORE: Pakistan skipper Babar Azam and Imamul Haq have achieved another partnership milestone by smashing most runs in the ICC World Cup Super League.
4609	Laidlaw Wealth Management LLC now owns 3,022 shares of the industrial products company’s stock valued at $221,000 after buying an additional 121 shares in the last quarter.
4610	Lakers guard Patrick Beverley, right, shoots while being fouled by Portland Trail Blazers guard Damian Lillard during the second half of an NBA basketball game in Portland, Ore., Sunday, Jan.
4611	Lakers star Anthony Davis reacts during the second half of Game 3 of their second-round playoff series against the Golden State Warriors on Saturday night at Crypto.com Arena.
4612	Lake Street Financial LLC Reduces Stock Holdings in Tesla, Inc.
4613	Lana ran to the creek.
4614	Lancashire Police even spotted Jordan’s Instagram posts, writing that they will “be in touch”.
4615	Landmark Financial Advisors LLC grew its stake in shares of Pfizer by 6.5% during the 4th quarter.
4616	Lane agreed that side of the building could be cleaned up and that a fence would help.
4617	Langford alone had five, setting the mark for most hits in a finals game, tying the record for any MCWS game at all.
4618	LaPere was the CEO of EcoMap Technologies, which is based in Baltimore.
4619	Larger-than-life Sagittarius could only be the color of bright flashing signs and blacklights that transform the room into an alien paradise.
4620	Larson Financial Group LLC now owns 397 shares of the company’s stock valued at $55,000 after acquiring an additional 388 shares during the period.
4621	LAST 10 GAMES: Sabres: 2-6-2, averaging 2.5 goals, 3.8 assists, 3.2 penalties and seven penalty minutes while giving up 4.5 goals per game.
4622	Last autumn of 2022 I moved my life to Billings.
4623	Last, but certainly not least, NSAW Command Master Chief Laterrence “Jay” Jackson received the Meritorious Service Medal, gold star in lieu of second award, for outstanding service at his last assignment with Navy Information Operations Command.
4624	“Last Chance U” spends ample time delving into Mosley’s backstory, a point guard at L.A. Washington Prep and ELAC, explaining the origins of a chip-on-the-shoulder mentality that is the undercurrent of the show’s themes of perseverance and redemption.
4625	Lastly, children can be entertained by magic shows hosted by Jim Okey Magic Comedy all throughout the day.
4626	Lastly, immigration officers carted her household to detention — however she and an older brother, each over 18, have been handled as single adults and saved in custody, whereas the remainder of the household was launched in California.
4627	Lastly, monitoring and analyzing social media metrics and performance can provide valuable insights into which strategies and content types are most effective in driving engagement and conversions.
4628	Lastly, you should not be using a new LINE account on the same device.
4629	Last Man Standing matches aren’t typically my thing, but the story told in this one worked in spades and it was a very enjoyable war of attrition.
4630	Last month, Amazon to pay $25 million to settle FTC allegations that the company's Alexa smart home device illegally collected data on children.
4631	Last month, the United Kingdom’s National Health Service () provided Palantir with a seven-year contract worth about 336 million British pounds.
4632	Last season, as a rookie, Pickens surpassed this yardage number in nine out of 17 games, indicating his potential to perform even better this year.
4633	Last season was about building experience for Purnell Swett (5-14-3, 4-9-3 United-8).
4634	“Last WBC, I was kind of on the fence of doing it and not doing it, and when I decided not to do it, watching the games, I kind of regretted I didn’t do it,” said Los Angeles Angels outfielder Mike Trout, a three-time MVP who leads the U.S. roster.
4635	Last week an open letter signed by over 20 celebrities including broadcaster Rylan Clark and actors Russell Tovey and Alan Cumming warned a decision not to introduce a ban immediately would be “inherently homophobic”.
4636	Last week, as usual, I was in the library and a student pursuing the last year of her degree in social sciences randomly sat beside me.
4637	Last week, musicians promoting Klezmer on Ice with a pre-festival performance alongside Lake Harriett, the (usually frozen-over) body of water at the heart of Minneapolis, ran into some technical challenges.
4638	Last week, Silvergate Capital, Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank all shut down or were closed, which resulted in crypto companies and users…
4639	Last week, the government – having resisted the call for months – finally ended its prevarication over whether to send 14 tanks to help Ukraine.
4640	Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court heard a that makes the point.
4641	“Last year in the situation we were in, I wanted to add another receiver to the offense not only to help us be more productive, but also help Justin take the next step.
4642	Last year, participants in the walk event fundraiser totaled nearly $11,000 for use in “getting the word out.”
4643	“Last year they went to a Rockies game and then to Texas Roadhouse,” said Chavez.
4644	LAS VEGAS—Cookie Monster showed up at the intake window just before 9 a.m. Friday, the stuffed toy wedged into a gray bin alongside a Dell laptop, PlayStation controller, Apple Watch and driver’s licenses from Texas, Missouri and Nevada.
4645	Late in the evening of June 2, 2022, Bill Romanchuk, superintendent of schools for the Black Gold School Division received a call from Leduc Composite High School’s principal.
4646	Later in the day, their website had been changed.
4647	Later, with 6:04 left in the third, Claude had an and-one to get the Hoyas to within one possession.
4648	LATHAM, N.Y. (AP) — LATHAM, N.Y. (AP) — Plug Power Inc. (PLUG) on Wednesday reported a loss of $236.4 million in its second quarter.
4649	Latin America was hit with particular force by the pandemic and the economic downturn that followed.
4650	Laughing, Kochevnik ended the call.
4651	Laura Morgan, a nurse of 39 years and program manager at the medical advocacy group Do No Harm, told the that "discipline" could mean the non-renewal of a license.
4652	Lauren also spoke about their first performance, adding: "We're in the middle of the which I think is nice.
4653	Lawmakers also passed a bill making child sex abuse offenders subject to the death penalty, a change that contradicts U.S. and Florida Supreme Court precedent.
4654	Lawmakers working on the AI Act considered whether to include them but weren't sure how, or even if it was necessary.
4655	Lawyers said that junta officials frequently obstructed or prevented them from carrying out their professional duties, denying suspects their rights to due process and a fair trial.
4656	Lazard Asset Management LLC boosted its holdings in Avanos Medical by 10.2% in the fourth quarter.
4657	LC Rebound is expected to create more than $190 million in significant investments across the city while keeping the tax rate the same.
4658	Leadership changes at Park Ridge-Niles School District 64 are continuing.
4659	Leading off the game, Betts hammered a 3-1 fastball 422 feet to left, his ninth leadoff homer of the year and 45th of his career.
4660	Leading up to Milwaukee Metal Fest.
4661	• Learned newly hired clerk Lisa Meadows has joined the library’s circulation services team.
4662	Learning is campus and/or work based and is assessed through practical and written exercises.
4663	Learn to code at your own pace.
4664	Learn to live with it.
4665	Leary’s longterm goals are to study economics and environmental science.
4666	Leasing continues to be challenging, and we did not sign any leases during the third quarter despite decent activity.
4667	Leave enough here so there’s something of Kessem for you to commune with when you’re buried someday.
4668	Leaving dogs in cars - even for a few minutes - is just one example.
4669	Leaving today on a business trip — Harry Stevens, of the firm of L. W. Stevens & Son, leaves today for the West to look over the horse market for the coming year.
4670	LEDs are compatible with HomeKit-enabled accessories and can be controlled via voice commands when connected to Apple HomeKit.
4671	Leeds Rhinos to make Adam Clune move as they enter battle with Super League rival The Rhinos are continuing with their recruitment plans for 2024.
4672	Leese was last seen on March 25, authorities said.
4673	LEE: Yes, it’s insane.
4674	Left: Dragonfly larvae collected from the Klamath River.
4675	Legitimate traders will abide by your wishes.
4676	Leisure cycling for locals and tourists alike could also potentially boost the economy.
4677	Lennon said the absence of a licence is a red flag, as any protections for staff are stripped away, leaving them open to exploitation from crooked employers.
4678	“Leo has been good for us all year.
4679	Leonard Chibuye 19, readily accepted breaking his girlfriend’s virginity and later making her in a motherly way after copulating with her on numerous occasions.
4680	Leonard got the home crowd on its feet in the third quarter with a strong driving dunk, putting Zeke Nnaji on the wrong side of the poster.
4681	Leone then admitted that the franchise has been in talks to explore an interactive medium, noting, "Also, I would love a video game.
4682	Leskiw said this year’s festival was “so much bigger than last year.
4683	Lesotho (2000) are the only other COSAFA team to reach the decider, with Senegal the first guest nation to do so in 2021.
4684	Less cool were the reveals that the Fireflies our protagonists were planning to meet up with had all been killed, and that Tess had been bitten during the museum scuffle.
4685	Lesser will campaign from the backbench for changes to be made to the Voice, including adopting the local and regional policy, and allowing the government to make changes to the Voice over time.
4686	Less than 5% chance of rain and temperatures between 11C and 13C.
4687	LETITIA Dean is one of the original cast members of EastEnders and made her debut in the first episode in 1985.
4688	Let me say, I truly believe we are heading in the direction of adjusting our reimbursement system in a way that will better reflect the needs of all children and families.
4689	Let me suggest the Book of Jonah, which is short and pithy and that can be interpreted in many different ways.
4690	Let’s (expletive) party and a connected team is a (expletive) dangerous team.
4691	Let's see what you got for me here.'
4692	Let’s start with the profile picture, which is your business card for the dating world.
4693	Letters to the Editor: Republicans nominate an election denier for speaker.
4694	Let the voting commence!
4695	Let us be peaceful and orderly,” he said.
4696	'Leukodystrophies are rare, progressive, metabolic and genetic diseases that can affect the brain, spinal cord and often the peripheral nerves.'
4697	Leverage technical expertise and data acumen to lead the team in data-driven decision-making, including developing a rigour around a scorecard of KPIs to keep tabs on key performance trends.
4698	Lewis said: "My heart goes out to your son, it really does.
4699	Liao says his dry-aging refrigerators at the Joint can handle roughly 4,800 pounds of fish at once.
4700	Liberal Leader Dougald Lamont says the spending is needed to fix health care, education and other services, and is an alternative to the Progressive Conservative and New Democrat plans.
4701	Lieutenant Commander La Forge is chief engineer under Captain Picard's command of the Enterprise in The Next Generation.
4702	Lieutenant Governor is a great Republican, he’s done a good job trying to get legislation out this session.
4703	Life is about change—constant change—and pivoting along the way in the right direction with flexibility is the key to success.
4704	Light enters a water droplet, slowing down and bending as it goes from air to denser water.
4705	Light Shabbat candles at 6:03 p.m.
4706	Light to moderate trades will prevail today, with localized sea breezes developing in protected leeward areas.
4707	Lightweight Prince William’s cheeky nickname revealed by cousin Mike Tindall: ‘You’re in so much trouble!’
4708	Like 80 years ago evil rushed to our cities and villages, so it is doing now, like back then it killed our people, so it is doing it now.
4709	Like, I’m conflicted because I don’t ever wanna jump in and be a part of a downfall for the father of my kids,” she said in a confessional.
4710	Likely to be the highest of the high school drama, the star’s payments have reportedly been settled recently having ‘just closed a big re-negotiation’.
4711	Like many bear Pokémon, this first-evolution form gets a lot more fearsome as it evolves.
4712	Like many fearful business owners in the same boat, Mr Jadhav hopes this will ultimately deter people and reduce recidivism.
4713	Like many other sectors, teachers have been striking over pay and working conditions amid a cost-of-living crisis and high inflation.
4714	Like most of white mana's wrath effects, Sunfall's home is in Standard control decks, providing a stopgap for creature-heavy matchups like Rakdos Reanimator or Esper Legends, where the exile effect does a double-duty by inhibiting graveyard strategies.
4715	Like Racheli, a lot of people have trouble getting past small talk and fact disclosure.
4716	Like, that is a full "DESERVE THIS!" moment.
4717	Likimani noted that she had the best childhood growing up on the University of Cape Coast campus where her mother lectured.
4718	Linda Nolan has revealed she has started to plan her funeral after she was diagnosed with brain cancer.
4719	Lindsay Kornick is an associate editor for Fox News Digital.
4720	Lindsey also accused Citigroup of tolerating a "notoriously hostile" environment in its equities division.
4721	Lion Heart Manager, Winston Brown, said it was “a big victory” for his team.
4722	Lirum plans to focus development of LX-101 toward specific adult and pediatric oncology and autoimmune indications which carry a strong scientific, medical, and business rationale.
4723	Lisa Marie Presley was last seen in public on Tuesday night at the Golden Globe Awards in Beverly Hills.
4724	Lisa Vanderpump 'Gobsmacked' Over Tom Sandoval & Raquel Leviss' Affair, Thinks They Had 'A Game Plan'
4725	Listed below are seven health advantages you can gain.
4726	LI stock has the potential to move higher in 2023 if Li Auto can maintain its sales growth trajectory but also contain its costs.
4727	Litter is considered any type of solid waste improperly disposed of.
4728	Liver disease can often go unnoticed due to the signs and symptoms being "silent" or minimal in the early stages.
4729	Liverpool and Manchester City have Alisson Becker and Ederson and Ten Hag wants a similar style shift - with former Ajax No1 and current Inter Milan star Andre Onana closing in on signing for United.
4730	Liverpool department store lost to the 70s that was 'always busy'
4731	“Living in the world we live in, in which Elon runs this company and it is a private business under his control, we are living off his good graces,” a Pentagon official told me.
4732	Living the dream.
4733	Liz and T.J. were somewhat annoying guest characters, but they are the right kind of oddballs for Stars Hollow.
4734	Liz Weston: ‘Bridge’ your way to Social Securityapnews.
4735	LNO Policy: Considering the time it takes to clear most cases through the court system, LNO does not have the ability to track the eventual outcome of every arrest.
4736	Local Cornwall councillor Matt Luke told the BBC he feared that the development would not reflect the original vision for the scheme and that some of the services which had been promised were no longer set to happen.
4737	Local homeless charity Crisis donated some specially-made Coventry blue tiles for the project, while gardening company Hozelock donated a number of watering products to help keep the plants healthy.
4738	Local media that the board was a covert cell of the Three Percenters militia group.
4739	Local MP Rebecca Pow was on hand to present the trophy to the winner of the League of Friends of Musgrove Park Novices’Handicap Chase Love Actually, owned by Mrs Michells Crook who went off at 11-1.
4740	Located on 85 Broad Street, it sells pizzas, grilled and fried chicken, burgers, fries and desserts for takeaway or delivery.
4741	Loftus said much of his work with pharmaceutical companies was related to conducting clinical trials on new drugs.
4742	Logan is one of the founding members of the Next Gen Twinning group.
4743	Logan O’Hoppe of the Los Angeles Angels celebrates a two-run home run against the Oakland Athletics in the seventh inning at Angel Stadium of Anaheim on September 30, 2023 in Anaheim, California.
4744	Logan police said the driver is cooperating and the victim was taken to the hospital with serious injuries.
4745	“Logically, given my age, one would expect it to be soon, but I don’t know for sure.
4746	Lois was a graduate of St. Mary’s Academy and on June 15, 1957 she married her beloved husband Zach M. Fowler III.
4747	LONDON: A British Pakistani 16-year-old student Mahnoor Cheema has a new record as she passed an astonishing total of 34 subjects at the General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) level.
4748	London Fire Brigade tweeted: “Bella, the Yorkshire Terrier, had a bit of a ruff day when she got herself trapped under decking in Clapham Junction after an attempt at chasing a fox went wrong.
4749	LONDON — On a crisp, winter’s day at a London scout center, seasoned customers picked their way along muddy rows of Christmas trees in pots labeled with their names while newcomers mulled over which one to rent.
4750	Long Cast Advisers, LLC, is an independent registered investment adviser investing on behalf of individuals, family offices and endowments.
4751	Long range is another issue.
4752	Look away now, Shakira!
4753	Looked like an airline employee."
4754	Look for your Samsung TV in the list and tap on it.
4755	Looking ahead, the European Commission has forecasted that the eurozone economy will expand by 1.5% in 2024, which is unchanged from previous projections.
4756	Looking ahead to the rest of the year, management reiterated its full year sales guidance of $688-$694M and adjusted EBITDA of $222-$227M, a 32.7% margin at the midpoint.
4757	"Looking around the lido, I can't wait to see this project take shape, creating a fantastic public space which retains the option of reinstating the pool easily in the future."
4758	"Looking at our fixture list as it stands, the Premier League is totally different.
4759	Looking at the Fed's Summary of Economic Projections ("SEP"), the FOMC committee expects to bring policy rates down from the current 5.25%-5.5% level to 4.5%-4.75% by the end of 2024 (Figure 6).
4760	Looking for more tricks?
4761	“Looking longer-term, the outcome of next year’s US elections will be important.
4762	Looking surprisingly similar to the artificially aged photograph, Messina Denaro was living openly in Campobello di Mazara, next to his birthplace in Castelvetrano.
4763	Looking to 2023, I think we'll have to see how that evolves.
4764	Look to them to be mentors for you."
4765	Loop Capital increased their price objective on Belden from $95.00 to $110.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Thursday, February 9th.
4766	Loosely translated as refers to annual wage negotiations between enterprise unions and employers in Japan.
4767	Lopez (15th) swung into action after watching a harrowing weekend video showing a white Tesla trapped by a street takeover on Lower Wacker Drive.
4768	Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power, Galadriel has taken center stage.
4769	LORDSTOWN, Ohio – The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and Foxconn are objecting to the Chapter 11 disclosure and reorganization plan filed Sept. 1 by Lordstown Motors Corp. So, too, are the failed EV startup’s investors – the plaintiffs in…
4770	LOS ANGELES (AP) — Sinkholes swallowed cars and raging torrents swamped towns and swept away a small boy Tuesday as California was wracked by more while the next system in a powerful string of storms loomed on the horizon.
4771	Los Angeles Unified School District Honor Band is wrapped in plastic during the 117th Annual Rose Parade on Monday, Jan.
4772	Los Osos’ Destinee Knight, front, chases after a loose ball with Redondo’s Maila Natividad, rear, during the second half in Rancho Cucamonga on Tuesday, Mar. 7, 2023.
4773	Lots of dogs that have been trained to follow the scent.
4774	Louanne shared that men care about how women look physically, and how they look after their homes, health, and their partners.
4775	Louis Cassar as Angelotti, Albert Buttigieg as Sacrestano, Jonathan Mohnani as Sciarrone, and Nadia Vella whose voice introduced the Third Act as the shepherd boy, also made quite an impact in their roles.
4776	Louisiana State Employees Retirement System cut its holdings in shares of Shake Shack Inc. () by 1.7% in the first quarter, according to the company in its most recent Form 13F filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.
4777	Louisiana State Employees Retirement System’s holdings in Hanesbrands were worth $857,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period.
4778	Love2Dance is located at 830 Sweetser Ave., Suite A in Novato.
4779	Lower Merion in 6A, and Martinsburg Central in 4A and in 2A lost and dropped out of the Top 5. They have been replaced by Plymouth-Whitemarsh, Fleetwood, View and St. John Neumann Regional Academy.
4780	Lowe says recruitment is already underway for the country’s second 4-day week pilot, due to kick off in May.
4781	Lubbock Impact says things like this are so important to them and it means a lot that that community steps up and helps, so make sure you grab your canned food and head over to 105th and Knoxville while you are out and about.
4782	Luca Hoole wrapped up the points with less than quarter of an hour to go when he headed in from a corner.
4783	Lucid Group, Inc a technology and automotive company, engages in electric vehicle technologies business.
4784	Luckily, Fury gets help in the penultimate episode.
4785	Luckily, playing live “was our wheelhouse,” the singer said.
4786	Luke's girlfriend leaves, as she believes he is in love with Lorelai.
4787	Luke Taylor added 12 points and 10 rebounds, and Matt Willert had 15 points.
4788	Lumi Credits (LUMI) traded up 5% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0052 or 0.00000017 BTC.
4789	“Lung Foundation Australia have been advocating for strong action on non-prescription vaping products since 2019,” he said.
4790	Lupin might have found the diamond anyway, but it would be for nothing if Shinuchi could intercept Lupin and Erik when they reunited.
4791	Luxury cars look inured to the second Cold War.
4792	LVW Advisors LLC increased its stake in Danaher by 3.3% during the 3rd quarter.
4793	Lynch said she covered her mouth to hide her laughter, whereas Marino described the moment in one word: “painful.”
4794	Lynsey says: "A great microwave for £70 and I found this SO much better than slightly cheaper models - it's worth paying a bit more for.
4795	Lyonne executive produces, writes and directs for the series.
4796	Lyrics and melodies of The Best and other Tina songs will be earworms for many a racegoer at Greyville in Durban this weekend, when one of the most important pre-Durban July race meetings is staged.
4797	Machine Learning goes hand-in-hand with Vulnerability Analytics to improve 's weak spot targeting system.
4798	MacKay's appearance was meant as a show of some of that unity.
4799	MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) — The Tattnall Square Academy boys soccer team upset Stratford Academy 4-3 in the GIAA 4A Soccer State Final Four to advance to the championship game.
4800	Macron was reelected for a second term last year.
4801	Made and posted on Reddit by Clayman8, the Shōtarō Kaneda costume perfectly recreates the bike gang leader's signature red attire.
4802	Madix and Leviss were formerly best friends but have since severed ties as a result of the situation.
4803	Madrid face competition from for the World Cup winner though, with Thomas Tuchel also eyeing a move.
4804	"Maggie’s means a lot to so many people because of the meaningful support it offers to cancer patients and their families across our area.
4805	Magistrates in Lagos State have been directed to stop granting remand orders to police to detain suspects in their cells.
4806	Magnitude Developments was established in November 2021.
4807	MailOnline's audit revealed that the inadequate services are in Hull, Birmingham, Norfolk, Surrey, Dorset, Hertfordshire and east London.
4808	Maine lacks those basic laws, including background checks for all gun sales and waiting periods.
4809	“Main thing is not puchka but the saal leaves in which puchkas are served.
4810	Major US indices are trading to new session highs.
4811	Make no mistake, Macy’s glory days are over.
4812	Make sure you include items in your schedule that empower you to be balanced.
4813	Making her way out of the station and towards the nearest taxi rank, which was hidden in the shadows, a tired Ms Pierce was about to attempt to catch a taxi home.
4814	Makoto Taiji, deputy director at RIKEN Center for Biosystems Dynamics Research, said, “We hope to dramatically accelerate the scientific research cycle and expand the search space.”
4815	Makwana has also accused De Ruyter of “evading” vetting by the State Security Agency (SSA).
4816	Malinowski said he aims to help with that.
4817	Mallah adds a meeting will be called as soon as possible to address the matter.
4818	Management focuses upon free cash flow generation and EBIT; therefore, these valuation metrics appear to be appropriate when considering forward stock prices.
4819	Manchester United announced they had accepted a £25million bid from for David Beckham on this day in 2003.
4820	Manchin has said those different approaches are necessary to try to get enough Senate votes to advance a permitting reform policy.
4821	Mandelbrot called these "fractals", from the Latin word meaning shattered glass.
4822	Manitoba said the AHWC will also partner with the Manitoba Mobile Addiction Team to Increase Community Capacity and Access program to virtually support Indigenous people in rural and northern areas.
4823	Mankal S Vaidya was elected twice from Bhatkal-Honnavar constituency in the coastal district of Uttara Kannada.
4824	Mann, now 88, spent more than 30 years as an educator before becoming the founding occupant of theKatz Endowed Chair in Native American Studiesat MSU in 2000, which she held for three years.
4825	Manufacturing segments operating margin declined by 570 basis points year-over-year to 22.9 % in the second quarter of 2023, but did improve sequentially as anticipated.
4826	“Man, we’re just excited that we won,” rookie 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy said.
4827	Many Americans would like to believe that there is no problem, and that only by introducing, and re-conjuring up an issue do we create an obstacle towards peace.
4828	Many are frustrated by tourists' problematic parking amid talk of introducing new parking charges and even a fee to visit the loo.
4829	Many are hoping for technology breakthroughs to alleviate what now seems to be an inevitable problem.
4830	Many are internally displaced after fleeing violence during Syria's protracted civil war.
4831	“Many are scared to display religious symbols or wear religious garments,” he said.
4832	Many are simply a place for the global super-elite to park their wealth.
4833	Many colleges no longer require applicants to submit standardized test scores.
4834	Many experts have also cited the lack of standardization as a potential drawback for brands.
4835	Many fans hope that some of the upcoming Hydro characters will have the ability to control steam with their elemental powers.
4836	Many important mutants survived, but Krakoa was broken.
4837	Many in the music industry feel she has been snubbed too frequently, and that she is one of a handful of artists who really should have one of these awards on her shelf at home.
4838	Many of his photographs accompanied student-written newspaper stories.
4839	Many of my Chinese American peers grew up going to Chinese school.
4840	Many of our jobs involve sitting at a desk all the time and the way most of us get around involves sitting in cars and buses.
4841	Many of Samsung's models include a 144Hz capability but that's mainly useful for high-end PC cards; consoles like Xbox Series X and PS5 max out at 120Hz.
4842	Many of the patients taking part in these trials at The Christie have run out of other treatment options or have very few left.
4843	Many of these spots look like a great place to catch a nap, by design.
4844	Many open from 8 or 9am but you can refer to their to confirm if your local restaurant is open during the Christmas period and what times they are trading.
4845	Many people were sick and currently in Algoma, and in the past, we’ve not had cases rise to that level of concern.
4846	Many times, when chumming, these fish will rise up in the water column, sometimes just right off the side of the boat.
4847	Many tourists are changing their plans.
4848	“Many will be trapped in unstable situations, sofa-surfing or even living on the streets,” he added.
4849	Many years ago, we were Sam's Club members.
4850	Map of the Nantucket Shoals region, showing current wind-power lease areas (colored zones) and water depth contours (red and white lines) in meters.
4851	Maranacook (14-0-1) has defeated Hall-Dale (10-5) three times this season, all by one goal.
4852	‘Marathon training is hard, but life is hard’
4853	Marc Brière, national president of the Union of Taxation Employees, says public servants deserve to use Code 699 leave because they provide essential services to Canadians.
4854	Marc Maron turned down role as Hugh Jackman’s lover because it needed ‘more gay-ness’
4855	Marco Silva’s Fulham have been thoroughly impressive since bouncing back up to the Premier League.
4856	Marie and Pierre Curie were introduced by Marie's colleague shortly after she graduated from Sorbonne University.
4857	Mario has cleaned up an island with a sentient hose, launched himself through the stars alongside Rosalina, and possessed innocent bystanders with the help of a living hat.
4858	Marion was granted these freedoms as prior assessments were made to check her suitability with non sharp cooking tools and sharp cooking tools.
4859	Markel Corp increased its position in Alphabet by 17.0% during the 1st quarter.
4860	Mark Hammond, head of customer field services at Yorkshire Water, said: “Every day our teams deal with blockages caused by wet wipes, unflushables and foreign objects in the sewer.
4861	Mark Murphy fired a shot between the posts at the other end for Derrylin before Josh Largo Elis went on a strong solo run in the forward line and fed McDonnell who stayed calm to fire the ball into the net.
4862	Marks and Spencer is known for selling high-quality clothing essentials at affordable prices, including underwear.
4863	Marshall Financial Group Inc. ADV owned approximately 0.07% of Schwab US Broad Market ETF worth $16,078,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
4864	Martin also reports that using a mortgage broker to help could be useful when finding new deals.
4865	Martin said there would definitely be a formal campaign of Liberals in favour of the Voice, but it would most likely be launched once the parliamentary committee finishes up next month.
4866	Marty can be heard saying, “I don’t like the sound of that.”
4867	Maryland’s two Democratic senators, Ben Cardin and Chris Van Hollen, welcomed Trump’s selection.
4868	Mary Trump called out Republicans for holding votes to reduce Vice President Harris' and Press Secretary Karine Jeanne-Pierre' salaries.
4869	MASPEX works by taking in gas molecules lofted from the surface of Europa and converting them into charged particles called ions.
4870	Matawalle who condemned the invasion, conspicuously said he was not notified by his successor, governor Dauda Lawal before the invasion.
4871	Matrix Trust Co’s holdings in Exxon Mobil were worth $1,266,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
4872	Matt Boulerice, who is running for Waterville mayor, has been our landlord for close to two years.
4873	Mattel had a net margin of 5.11% and a return on equity of 17.52%.
4874	Matt Filipe skated behind the net and passed in front to Raivis Ansons for the go-ahead goal 3:15 later.
4875	Matthews went on to give a by-law update.
4876	Matt King, general manager for SAFI Valves, said: “This whole approach is what YATM represents.
4877	Matt McAllister entertaining the crowds last Saturday afternoon.
4878	Matt Spear subsequently drew a base on balls to bring in Jansen, while Hamchuk drove in Bowling with a single through the right side.
4879	Maui Police Chief John Pelletier said two of the 89 victims have been identified so far, adding that identifying the dead is extremely challenging because ''we pick up the remains and they fall apart.'
4880	Mavuso Msimang, an ANC veteran, believes it is important to remember Hani and what he stood for.
4881	Maxsym stayed with their unit, and in the months since then has been in some of the heaviest fighting of the war, in the battles in Donbas.
4882	Maxwelltown High School had been built in 1971 to cater for the growth of the Dumfries population in the 1970s, particularly in the council housing schemes in Lochside and Lincluden.
4883	Maybe, except that monetary policy always operates with a lag of about 12 months.
4884	"Maybe I ain't make myself clear," Dame says, staring into the distance.
4885	Maybe it’s a lifetime achievement award MVP, but how could you give it to anyone else?
4886	“Maybe it’s someone leaving a domestic-abuse situation or an assault victim,” she said.
4887	Maybe next time do a three-day camp instead of a two-hour clinic.”
4888	Maybe the winners are just waiting.
4889	Maybe they’re stuck in a spin cycle of believing the conventional wisdom that encourages us to put the marriage and the family before ourselves.
4890	"Maybe you just want to blow audiences away with your theatrics?
4891	Maybe you're retired and always wanted to fly a plane, buy a boat or learn CPR.
4892	May is a time to celebrate the achievements and cultures of diverse Asian communities in Canada, the AHF said, and to reflect on the roots of anti-Asian racism in Canadian institutions.
4893	Maynard was in that early stage.
4894	Mayor Geordin Hill-Lewis said last week he had received a briefing from the police regarding its investigation and, on this basis, decided to remove Booi from his position as human settlements mayoral committee member immediately.
4895	Mayor Phillip Jones told the BBC that Ms Zwerner’s recovery was “trending in a positive direction”.
4896	“May we connect with our ancestors and bless our current and future families, the families we have and the families we want.
4897	McAfee+ Ultimate’s premium features—that is, the reason you pay so much more for this plan compared to the others below it—lie in its identity and financial protections, and they cover quite a bit of ground.
4898	McCarthy estimated that the two sides had as little as two weeks to reach a deal that could then be passed by Congress.
4899	McCarthy was the first speaker to be removed from his office through a motion to vacate the chair.
4900	McCoy injured his quadriceps in practice and he had an injury clause in his contract.
4901	McKeithan told ABC News her daughter had “a knack for living life.”
4902	McKellar recalls her most memorable moment as the first kiss during the pilot.
4903	McKinley and other friends of Grasso, her parents, Chris and Jolene Grasso, and younger brother, Brody, have organized the Sofia Strong Cornhole Tournament and Silent Auction to continue to support the family.
4904	Meaning they're great for connecting two vehicles together and towing one vehicle to another location.
4905	Meanwhile, 2022’s horror movie version of The Grinch, made the character’s status all the more elusive by depicting the Grinch as a monster in a town of ordinary humans.
4906	Meanwhile, a BJP worker in Pune crafted PM Modi's portrait using grains and millets on his 73rd birth anniversary.
4907	Meanwhile, Amy Wong, Hermes Conrad, Farnsworth and even the perpetually put-upon Dr. Zoidberg were named honorary Globetrotters.
4908	Meanwhile, Angus won the triple jump with a Scottish leading jump of 10.65m.
4909	Meanwhile, Bannister was doing his own errands and left the reception and entered his Range Rover to drive to Coniston Hotel Spa.
4910	Meanwhile, Chelsea may be stuck with an unhappy player on their hands in Mount.
4911	Meanwhile, four directors of the Commission were directed to proceed on terminal leave.
4912	Meanwhile, he is urging persons travelling on the East Bank of Demerara beyond the stadium to use the new Eccles Road, while those attending the cricket matches, use the main east bank thoroughfare.
4913	Meanwhile, October 13, 2023, has been fixed for witnesses in the case to appear at the inquest.
4914	Meanwhile, people need to buy!
4915	Meanwhile, the film's were filmed in Achill Island's only Protestant church.
4916	Meanwhile, the first award to be announced at the Jimmy Kimmel-hosted live telecast is for Best Animated Feature, which goes to Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio'.
4917	Meanwhile, the kiwi is leading gains after a more hawkish posturing by the RBNZ earlier in the day.
4918	Meanwhile, the number of flu-related deaths has fallen for the last four weeks consecutively, with 15 deaths recorded in the last week.
4919	Meanwhile, the only Opposition MP who seemed to favour the third Budget presented by the People’s Progressive Party (PPP) Government – or at least not share any negative comments – was Leader of the Liberty and Justice Party (LJP), Lenox Shuman.
4920	Media coverage often drives investigations into public corruption as well the appointment of independent prosecutors when there is a political conflict, as in the case of the Biden-controlled Justice Department looking into the Biden family.
4921	Mediation as an approach to resolving criminal conduct and its aftermath is traceable to Canada.
4922	Medium weight yearling heifers saw lot feeders gain control averaging just over 250c/kg and selling as high as 282c/kg.
4923	Meeting these goals will take a new approach, both to energy support and to how the government deploys its transition strategies, including more local and regional collaboration.
4924	Megan Rapinoe, who championed social justice and fought for women’s equal pay in a 17-year international career, will play her final match for the United States on Sunday against Banyana Banyana.
4925	Meghalaya and some other Northeastern states, which have only two members in the lower house of Parliament, might see the number reduced to just one due to an anomaly between demography and the next delimitation process due in 2026.
4926	Meghan has fond memories with the late queen Elizabeth, who was King Charles’ mother.
4927	Meg The family of Margaret Richardson would like to announce the sad loss of a beloved wife, mum, grandma and great grandma.
4928	Mehringer argued that her case lays bare a clear double standard in the way that male and female leaders who are accused of bad behavior are treated.
4929	Mel, 32, says: ‘I love a cult product and it really doesn’t get more cult favourite than Charlotte’s Magic Cream.
4930	Melanie Gibson, a human resources manager with the municipality, said during her presentation on Thursday it was difficult to pin down the exact cause of the increase.
4931	Melissa Bartynski, recreation director at DevonHouse, said Khandelwal dropped off 200 flowers from a weekend wedding, and she used them to decorate the common area in the assisted living facility.
4932	Melissa got her first tattoo when she was in her 20s - and has not stopped.
4933	Melissa Ponzio returns in ‘Teen Wolf: The Movie’
4934	Melo says he’s ready and gives Trick props for his match.
4935	Member of Parliament for Mangochi South West Shadrick Namalomba also appealed to the Government to rehabilitate Mangochi-Chilipa to Balaka road which is in very bad shape and right now is impassable.
4936	Members of the Israeli Navy's Snapir unit during a training exercise.
4937	Members provide advice on how to build and fly balsa models.
4938	Men of the state police command arrested many suspects in connection with the clashes.
4939	Mental health support is also a priority for residents, as they are calling for easier access to help and resources for those struggling with mental health issues.
4940	Menu favourites include a cacio e pepe risotto with sea urchin pulp; beef Wellington served with Madeira jus; and smoked lobster in a tangy yuzu sauce.
4941	Meredith spent 20 years in the US Army then earned his commercial driver's license program at Fayetteville Technical Community College.
4942	Merino, who attended La Jolla schools, is the only previous SDUSD area superintendent continuing in the role after the district vacated the positions in April and began a new hiring process.
4943	Meritage Portfolio Management’s holdings in McDonald’s were worth $9,118,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission.
4944	Merrill Kelly is likely to start for the U.S. side.
4945	“Merry Christmas, Barbie,” he ends the song.
4946	Merseyside Police said a man and woman were taken to hospital but the woman, who was a passenger in the car, died.
4947	Metallica Metals Corp. (CNSX:MM) agreed to acquire 46 Claims Approximately 2,583 Hectares Along the Waswanipi-Saguenay Zone in Quebec for CAD 1.36 million.
4948	Me thinks it will hit 3 before it hits 2 again.
4949	MetLife Investment Management LLC boosted its stake in PacWest Bancorp by 36.0% during the 1st quarter.
4950	Mexico’s president called anti-drug policies in the U.S. a failure Wednesday and proposed a ban on using fentanyl in medicine — even though little of the drug crosses from hospitals into the illegal market.
4951	Meyrick died in 1933 at age 57, from falling ill with flu.
4952	MHR - Payton said earlier in the week that it was the coaches’ jobs to figure out a way to get Marvin Mims more involved in the offense (along with every other skill player who wants the ball).
4953	Miami kicker Jason Sanders made another field goal at the end of the Dolphins’ series to make it 17-6.
4954	Michael Beale has openly admitted that is very unlikely that Morelos will be at the club beyond this season, but he recently praised the striker for his attitude in training.
4955	Michael has judged Limousins at a number of leading events including the Great Yorkshire Show, Perth Bull Sales and the bull sales at Carlisle.
4956	Michael Mann made the film with two ambitious goals in mind: to write a "contrapuntal film in which there are really only two protagonists" and to "dimensionalize everybody."
4957	Michael Schlank, the CEO of NJY Camps, which operates Cedar Lake, said alumni of the network’s camps frequently seek to recapture the special feeling of their summers spent there.
4958	Michael Taft, a researcher with Siptu, says Fine Gael has missed the mark with the tax break as “most middle earners will not benefit”.
4959	Michal Czekajlo, community officer from City of York Council, added: “It was particularly enjoyable to see the children getting involved with the games and races as well tackling the 70 ft inflatable obstacle course.
4960	Michigan gas prices went up this week — a result of a combination of factors, including a slight hike in the state’s gas tax — pushing the average to $3.20 a gallon, according to AAA.
4961	Mick likes his women to be independent, and that, Jerry now certainly is.
4962	Mick was described by those who knew him as a loyal and hard-working man of true integrity.
4963	Microfinance in Cambodia started in the 1990s as a form of foreign aid aiming to help rebuild a country recovering from war.
4964	Microsoft investigating Teams and Outlook outages as thousands of users report issuescnbc.
4965	Microsoft released 73 updates to its Windows, Office, and Visual Studio platforms on Patch Tuesday, with many of them dealing with core, but not urgent, security vulnerabilities.
4966	Mid month is probably the best for overall daytime deer movement, but later in the month offers better odds for a tracking snow.
4967	Midway through the round, the Brazilian landed a series of consecutive shots, including a brutal knee to the body, that had Adesanya on the ropes.
4968	Migrants of African origin trying to flee to Europe are crammed on board a small boat, as Tunisian coast guards prepare to transfer them onto their vessel, at sea between Tunisia and Italy, on August 10, 2023 (Photo by FETHI BELAID/AFP via Getty Images).
4969	Miguel hits a top rope Meteora so Wentz’s Swanton can get two more.
4970	Miguel O'Hara made an impact in Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse that has some fans hoping to see a few comic stories adapted for the big screen.
4971	“Mike has been integral to the growth of our organization and has played a key role in bringing us to where we are today.
4972	Mike Tyson made the crazy reveal in a recent podcast with rapper Wiz Khalifa.
4973	Miles saving the father of Spider-Man India's girlfriend might have inadvertently caused that universe's destruction, though the Spider-Men were able to keep the reality from falling apart.
4974	Millennium Management LLC now owns 221,056 shares of the specialty chemicals company’s stock worth $5,005,000 after acquiring an additional 153,118 shares in the last quarter.
4975	Miller, Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship, on Tuesday announced the first trades round for category-based selection will open this week.
4976	Miller said the lines and poles hanging on the road have been a big concern for the town.
4977	Millionaire Prigozhin and his fighters have claimed for weeks that the military doesn't provide them with enough ammunition.
4978	Millman told The Times that she sought guidance from the city attorney’s office well in advance of the planning commission hearing “and followed their advice to the letter.”
4979	Mind you, selecting a pint might take you a moment as I counted no less than 24 drinks available on draught.
4980	MinichMacGregor Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Merit Medical Systems in the 4th quarter valued at about $26,000.
4981	Ministers said the inquiry will investigate the events on the Countess of Chester Hospital's neonatal unit between 2015 and 2016 to ensure lessons are learned.
4982	Ministry Launches Investigation into Immigration Officer Caught in…
4983	Minnesota and Boston met nearly 20 years later in 1994, with Boston achieving their first national semifinal win over the Gophers 4-1.
4984	Minnesota's unusual vacation rentals include trains, grain bins and a jailhouseIf you're looking for something different, these spots deliver.
4985	Minor leaguers earned as little as $10,400 last year.
4986	Minthara now dies when left alive in the prison after Ketheric has been killed.
4987	Minton, Schwertner’s lawyer, said it was the “right decision based strictly on the evidence.”
4988	Miraculously a nine-year-old girl escaped serious injury despite her being in the front passenger seat when the car wrapped around the tree trunk.
4989	Miranda admitted to confronting REDACTED about grass cuttings being blown onte his property.
4990	Mirova’s holdings in Humana were worth $688,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
4991	Mirren, who spent three hours in hair and makeup each morning to look like Meir, said taking the role had been educational.
4992	Mirrorscape is also being developed for compatibility on AR glasses and headsets, which will enable enhanced hand- and eye-tracking tracking for gamers.
4993	Mishael Morgan is willing to do brief Y&R return stints, so why not have her reprise her role as Amanda Sinclair if Phyllis heads to court?
4994	“Mission: Impossible” launched a week before one of the biggest box-office showdowns of the year.
4995	Mitchell also has a goatee and is of a slight build.
4996	Mitesh said he would.
4997	Mix and match dozens of abilities and weapon types, from stakes and swords to drones and black holes!
4998	Mizuho lowered their price objective on shares of Coterra Energy from $40.00 to $38.00 in a research note on Friday, March 10th.
4999	Mizuho raised their price objective on Hologic from $75.00 to $77.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, November 1st.
5000	MLA Sangram Thopte had moved a calling attention motion over the issue in the budget session of the state legislature earlier this year.
5001	MLS and Inter Miami are working to plot a concrete deal for Lionel Messi as the Argentine superstar continues to deliberate his future, according to a report.
5002	Mnukwa said the regulations also go a step further to ensure that no state funds are misused.
5003	Mobile games can be helpful when trying to wake up in the morning, as they stimulate the mind and get the player ready for the day.
5004	Moffi was in fine form for Nice in the month, registering three goals and one assist in three league appearances for Les Aiglons.
5005	Moga is also home to Buddh Singh Wala, the native village of extremist Gurjant Singh, the former chief of the Khalistan Liberation Force who allegedly assassinated some policemen after his grandfather was killed in extrajudicial killings in 1984.
5006	Mohamed Salah converts a penalty for his second goal at the Amex Stadium.
5007	Moira Bateman has a cabin in northern Minnesota, near a vast bog called Sax-Zim.
5008	Monday Afternoon Book Group: 1 p.m., first Monday of the month, hybrid on Zoom and at Curtis Memorial Library, 200 Maine St., Brunswick.
5009	Monday’s defense filing offers more witness testimony about what happened in the F train car than any previous accounting, though naturally, it presents the best view of the case for Mr. Penny.
5010	Monday’s rally was taking place in the eastern city of Lahore, where Khan now lives.
5011	Moneta Group Investment Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in Archer-Daniels-Midland in the fourth quarter worth $369,091,000.
5012	Monica, sister-in-law by marriage, friend by choice.
5013	MONTGOMERY, Ala. -- Police say additional charges are likely as they investigate a large, chaotic caught-on-video brawl at a riverfront dock in Montgomery, Alabama, on Saturday that has so far resulted in arrest warrants for three men.
5014	Months later, his government appointed a committee headed by PV Rajamannar, former Madras High Court Chief Justice, and their report came out in 1971.
5015	Mood, especially bad mood, is also linked to caffeine take.
5016	Moore gives a brutal portrayal of loneliness and isolation and the breakdown of a woman's psyche as her once-normal life becomes one she can hardly survive in.
5017	Moore then chased the woman and punched her in the face while attempting to steal her phone, before returning to the male victim to assault him again, rifling through his pockets and stealing his bank card and phone.
5018	Morant was seen holding a gun on a separate Instagram live video in March, which eventually led to said suspension.
5019	More affordable master’s degree programs came on the market, including Cal State Northridge’s two-year online program, which charges $46,000.
5020	More broadly, the H5N1 outbreak fits a pattern scientists have been ringing alarm bells about for years now: Climate change is throwing ecosystems out of whack and spurring the spread of disease, putting wildlife and human health at risk.
5021	Moreover, Bagratuni also said that gamers that are concerned over Denuvo DRM's potential effect on performance shouldn't worry, because Nvidia DLSS will be able to "win back the losses, if any."
5022	“Moreover, it seems like there is a lack of guidelines for developing information resources.”
5023	Moreover, its growth outlook - while steady - is not extremely exciting either with analysts projecting a 7.7% CAGR through 2028.
5024	Moreover, the text language change comes into effect immediately.
5025	“Moreover, the victimized the most are the most vulnerable sectors of our societies.”
5026	Moreover, we gleaned buyers have also returned to undergird VFC at a critical juncture, suggesting that it should consolidate constructively from here.
5027	Moreover, you’ll save the planet by reducing the toxic pollutants that are released in your home.
5028	More recent pictures of the former spy, especially, back up those theories - which have been swirling since 2011.
5029	More than 3,500 people visited The Big Hop Trail’s Farewell Event at The Music Hall in Aberdeen last weekend ahead of the auction.
5030	More than 7,000 people were injured in the city, most receiving treatment in field hospitals that authorities and aid agencies set up, he told The Associated Press by phone on Wednesday.
5031	More than a few Beyoncé fans winced; after dedicating a recent album to pioneers of queer culture, she was plumping for a hotel owned by the government of Dubai, which criminalizes homosexuality.
5032	More than that, their bigotry puts his very life at risk and sends him to The Sunken Place, which Peele has noted in interviews is a metaphor for slavery.
5033	More than two decades of service to community and tourism has landed Virgin Islander Lynette Harrigan on His Majesty King Charles III’s 2023 New Year’s Honours List.
5034	More than two million people have since watched the video, with over 164,000 liking it and thousands commenting on the "petrol life hack".
5035	• Morgan County: Aug. 9 at the Morgan County Fairgrounds.
5036	Morgan Stanley increased their price objective on shares of Invesco from $14.00 to $17.00 and gave the stock an “equal weight” rating in a research report on Thursday, January 19th.
5037	Morgan Stanley lifted their price objective on Walmart from $160.00 to $170.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Friday, August 18th.
5038	Morgan Stanley lowered their price objective on Raymond James from $112.00 to $110.00 and set an “equal weight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, July 31st.
5039	Morgan wouldn’t sleep by herself, for fear a nighttime seizure would kill her.
5040	Morning dates can allow for a fun and romantic experience without interfering with other obligations or commitments.
5041	Morton loses it on the edge of the box, Allsop makes a save but can't hold it and then there's a foul on the edge of the area.
5042	Moscow and Kyiv offered conflicting versions on the safety of the facility.
5043	Moscow Police released a statement saying it will not be releasing specifics about his transportation to Idaho including the timeline and the method of transportation, due to security concerns.
5044	Moshiry continued, “We actually now hope that maybe it’ll not take so much time when we can also go with Wim and Hella back to Iran and, hopefully, start a new era.”
5045	Most AI overall—the code behind everything from virtual assistants to self-driving cars—is actually considered weak.
5046	Most companies fall squarely into the third and by far the largest category–they are content to continue selling into China.
5047	“Most Dermatologists would recommend 100% cotton sheets because it is the most breathable fabric,” Pratt said.
5048	Most everyone has a budget, and if you spend more in one area, then you will spend less in another.
5049	Most households eligible for this additional payment will receive it automatically, but if necessary households can apply online.
5050	Mostly cloudy, with a high near 21. Blustery.
5051	Mostly cloudy, with a high near 31. Windy, with a west northwest wind 30 to 35 mph decreasing to 25 to 30 mph in the afternoon.
5052	Mostly found along the eastern side of the country, around half of the old-style concrete roads in the region will either have repairs or be replaced, including stretches on the A11, A14, A12, A120 and M11.
5053	Mostly, though, I think I met the bad news with equanimity because I feel comfortable with our options.
5054	"Most minkes occur offshore in the North Atlantic between November and March," he said.
5055	Most notably, the app now includes a “Poem Postcards” feature that lets users send AI-generated postcards to friends.
5056	“Most of it’s done through lobbying, contact in the political networks, and not so much in the public opinion game.”
5057	Most of the events have been without one or the other, though.
5058	Most of the gains have come since the start of the COVID pandemic, with men as well as women fixing their faces to face Zoom calls.
5059	Most of them just come to have a party, drink, see a DJ, or a performance act.
5060	Most of the structures identified by geophysics are hidden beneath transported cover, however, field validation of what the geophysical model was indicating to us has located outcrop of one of these structures, known as the Northern Reflector.
5061	Most of those buried here lost their lives during the Meuse-Argonne Offensive in 1918, America’s largest of World War I. The immense array of headstones rises in long rows upward beyond a wide central pool to the chapel that crowns the ridge.”
5062	Most of us advocates of UBI could give you a figure though we might all disagree on what it should be.
5063	Most people think, when they hear they have an incurable cancer, that their life is over.
5064	Most players can't use Overdrive Modebecause it requires the highest-end specs, but that hasn't stopped CDPR from patching it into the game with future technologies in mind.
5065	Most recent layoffs in the tech industry are due to "restructuring" efforts on the companies' parts.
5066	Most viticulturists can agree on a description of “organic wine farming.”
5067	Mother calls for reform so no other child ‘should suffer’
5068	Motorists are being urged to stay clear of floodwater as north Queensland is battered by rain.
5069	Motorola Solutions, Inc. has a 52 week low of $204.55 and a 52 week high of $299.43.
5070	Moving on to expenses.
5071	Mowbray explained today that has been suffering with a muscle problem but he has now resumed training and will be ready to face the Tigers on Wearside.
5072	MP Board Class 5th, 8th Results 2023: Students who appeared for the exam can check their results at the official websiteтАФ mpresults.
5073	Mr Albanese is due to visit the UK next week and will represent his country at the coronation of King Charles III.
5074	Mr Barrie's cousin, Lee Thomson - a nurse, born and bred in Lanark - started the petition to save McClymont and her daughter, Rosalyn, runs the Save McClymont Facebook group.
5075	Mr. Biden’s immediate challenge is to sustain support, not only from Congress and the American public but also from allies.
5076	Mr Busuttil said he had been inspired by the annual Australian Men's Shed association gathering in March 2022.
5077	Mr Churcher, pictured here celebrating his 100th birthday.
5078	Mr Connor said the decision was made due to a number of factors.
5079	Mr Dutton suggested the 'Voice is going down' and said Prime Minister Anthony Albanese should cut his losses because the referendum, which will be held at date yet to be set, was only going to divide the country.
5080	Mr Eckersley said: "You heard a bang?"
5081	Mr Eddy has now stood down from the role.
5082	Mr Flint said CCTV operators saw Bell’s driving 30 minutes after midnight on October 25, 2021.
5083	Mr Gove also gave assurances that the Government would also bring forward amendments to “ban new leasehold homes in the future” and that the legislation would amount to the “effective destruction of the leasehold system”.
5084	Mr Gyamfi-Aidoo was speaking in an interview with journalists on the sidelines of the Bono Regional conference on the implementation of the AfCFTA agreement in Sunyani.
5085	Mr. Handyman isn’t always the cheapest option, but they are often the highest quality.
5086	Mr Jenrick added: “What we don’t want to see is parents, loved ones, teachers, people who want to provide support and advice to children put off or criminalised from doing so.”
5087	Mr Kent's Heart of the Valleys record shop in Blackwood is a treasure trove of rare and iconic records going back to the early 1960s.
5088	Mr. Lokesh said that the accused is suspected to have lured many and cheated them and spoilt the name of KMF.
5089	Mr Manning, however, stressed that the council was very much in listening mode.
5090	Mr Miller said he had contacted Welsh Water on several occasions to ask for the pipe to be replaced.
5091	Mr Morgan and the Sussexes have traded comments since Meghan and Harry’s interview with Oprah Winfrey, when the couple accused a royal of raising “concerns” about their son’s skin colour and the duchess spoke about her mental health issues.
5092	Mr. Naidu, who posed for a picture in front of the gated community for the beneficiaries of the TIDCO housing scheme constructed during the TDP regime and not handed over to them, threw a “selfie challenge” on the Twitter.
5093	Mr Prigozhin ordered his troops back to their field camps in Ukraine, where they have been fighting alongside Russian regular soldiers.
5094	Mr Recorder Moran added: "You do present a degree of risk and the prospect of rehabilitation doesn't seem to be particularly good.
5095	Mr Steele told Sky News that Smith’s ideological motivation was “quite unusual”.
5096	Mr Sunak however insisted that having new licensing rounds was “absolutely the right thing to do”.
5097	Mr Trump denies her allegations.
5098	Mr. Vaishnaw told reporters that the government had recently issued notices to companies on the deepfake issue, and while the platforms have responded, companies will have to be "more aggressive" in taking action on such content.
5099	Mr Watson added: “Stroke is a clinical priority in Scotland, and it needs to be treated as such.
5100	Mr Zahawi’s tax dispute was related to shares in YouGov, the polling company he co-founded and Balshore Investments, an offshore trust registered in Gibraltar and linked to his family.
5101	Ms Allan entered parliament in 1999 and became the youngest minister in the state’s history at 29.
5102	Ms Bertrand lost six stone in order to aid her journey to motherhood, but still believed there was 'no hope' before eventually conceiving in April of last year.
5103	Ms. Chapin recalled her fury upon learning that some had been speculating that her son might have carried out the atrocity as part of a murder-suicide plan.
5104	Ms. Daniels denied the story, and her agent had a lawyer in Beverly Hills, Calif., Keith Davidson, get the post taken down.
5105	Ms Frazer joked that she has “lots of views” when asked about the fallout following a tweet by Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker.
5106	Ms. Greenberger invents the Doctoroff Mood-o-Meter, advising staff whether to approach or hide.
5107	Ms Mattel then suggested they skip a page or two, to which one child responded that they should “skip the book” altogether.
5108	“MTN SA is driving growth through bundle rationalization, improved phone and upgrade plans, as well as enhanced digital plans,” it said.
5109	Much like Los Angeles Angels two-way superstar Shohei Ohtani, Fujinami can hit — although he had only 22 plate appearances last season.
5110	Much of its portfolio is controlled by Ensign Peak Advisers, a nonprofit investment manager overseen by ecclesiastical leaders known as its presiding bishopric.
5111	Much of the chat among delegates in the cafes and bars was the party's nascent revival north of Border which many had thought had been a very distant prospect.
5112	Much of this part did not appear on the program.
5113	Much praise went to Serkis and 's performances, Reeves' direction, and the film's production values.
5114	Muller, meanwhile, impressed audiences with her powerhouse performance of “I Wrote A Song”
5115	Multilateralism must “serve the interests of all,” or it will suffer “loss of legitimacy and authority,” Macky Sall argued last October.
5116	Multiple employees voiced their sentiments at a LightHouse board meeting last Thursday.
5117	Multiple endings are something that more video games should try and incorporate into their narratives, as it can really improve the sense of agency that's given to players.
5118	Mum outraged as autistic Jewish son comes home with 'swastika carved on his back'
5119	Murch, Meredith (McDonough) 92, of Knox, April 26, at home.
5120	Murphy completed his first pass as a starter, a short throw to junior tight end Ja’Tavion Sanders that resulted in a two-yard loss.
5121	Murphy could not miss.
5122	Murray should return when he’s ready and not when Bidwell “thinks” he’s ready.
5123	Murray wanted to approach the theme of how perspective can influence what we believe to be true and who controls the truth through the story of “a very petty traffic ticket.”
5124	Murtazashvili said the United States had made a mistake of seeing Central Asia as a "backwater" linked to other policies and would do better with a strategy that values regional leaders' autonomy.
5125	Music and full kiosk facilities will also be on offer.
5126	Musk justified the move by saying this was the “only realistic way to address advanced AI bot swarms taking over.”
5127	Musk said if General Motors had made more EV1s, they would have been the leaders in electric vehicles today.
5128	Muyshondt thinks that Coca-Cola will be leading the category by that year.
5129	“My administrative experience as a director in higher education has prepared me for fundraising and coordinating a lot of team members.
5130	My appetite for football is huge, and it is very satisfying to feel that the game is going so well."
5131	Myart-Cruz was joined by U.S. Rep. Adam Schiff, a Democrat and U.S. Senate candidate, who said the strikers were earning “poverty wages.”
5132	“My athlete was within the cut in three events—ball, clubs and ribbon—during the qualifiers that earned her another trip to the worlds,” the former Hungarian national athlete said.
5133	"My breaking point wasnâ€™t actually the living conditions, but the effect it had on my housemates.
5134	My daughter had to be coaxed from behind my legs for years because a bulldog charged at her full pelt in the park when she was three, knocking her violently to the ground.
5135	My dream would be a modular build with big windows by the coast, run on renewable energy.
5136	“My experience was being taken with my little hobbyhorse and rushed into a closet and told to be very quiet.
5137	“My father has been unwell for some months and I am now feeling the impact of his illness,” he told H-Metro in an interview.
5138	"My fish costs went up double in 2022.
5139	My friend has been bewildered by her difficulty in finding a steady relationship, so I pressed him as to why.
5140	My friend on the Isle of Skye called it the heel.”
5141	My future is here, it's as simple as that, I absolutely love it here.
5142	“My game really fits into the way Thibs coaches.”
5143	My Great Grandson will have that memory and learned a tradition he’ll be able to pass onto his son after I’m gone.
5144	My heart and soul went with you.”
5145	"My intent is that this full review will hopefully answer all questions highlighted by the Lynskey, Kerrigan, Donnelly and Conmey families and bring the events at the end of 1971 to some conclusion for all those involved.”
5146	"My kids are safe, are achieving, are supported, and are happy.
5147	My kids would think she’s fabulous.”
5148	“My last advice for her was to have a great at-bat, an at-bat that she’s proud of.
5149	My manager and my team have this joke now where it’s like, “Oh, the show got ‘Franceled.’
5150	My mature-age cadet buddy died a few years back, far too young.
5151	My mom is 72 and has COPD and heart failure, and while she's doing better now, I am never telling her about this."
5152	My mom said, ‘You need to start coaching or do something else’.
5153	My money is on the Chiefs holding on to Orlando Brown and JuJu.
5154	My mum was always creative, which inspired me completely, while my dad, who was a bit of an alpha male, was intent on ensuring his girls could do anything that boys were taught.
5155	“My older sister had Jimmy Reed albums,” he recalled.
5156	My own mother, I know, went through her own version of this Barbie grief—when I requested my own Barbie, for the first time, thirty-five years ago.
5157	“My routine practice is to disclose funders in papers, comments and testimony.
5158	Myself and Parameshwar are with CM Siddaramaiah until he is in the post.
5159	“My uncle used to show me some tricks.
5160	My wife or Martin the cat?
5161	My wife's sister is an anti vaxxer and she's a millennial.
5162	“Nadra” chair; “Serving Friends”; “Bullet” dining table.
5163	“Nailing myself to a cross?”
5164	Nakamura brought up that the now-dead bill had some good measures in it that could still be adopted, like having positions dedicated to tourism management within state and county executive offices.
5165	Name a more beautiful sight than a GT40 sliding around Goodwood on a sunny day.
5166	Namely, she is a Kraken in disguise.
5167	Nanashi knows nothing of where he comes from.
5168	Nanchang, China-based Ruanyun Edai Technology was founded to develop an Ai-enabled 'question bank' and related test data to assist teachers and students in collecting daily homework and prepare for a test of the Academic Proficiency Assessment.
5169	Nancy Reagan threw out the first pitch before the first game of the 1988 World Series, using the opportunity to promote one of her causes, the “Just Say No” anti-drug program.
5170	Nartey co-created the BAFTA-winning spoken word program “Life & Rhymes” for Sky Arts.
5171	Nasa company values ninyo ‘yung hateful and abusive behavior katulad ng kay Orman?
5172	Nasdaq's monopolistic position is reflected in its Listing activities, with the company having a 91% win rate in IPOs (within the US) in Q1'23.
5173	Nasty footage shows taxi driver abused by passenger punching cab and calling him 'racist'
5174	Nathan was once married to two women, as Kody mentioned, but currently is down to one wife, Rebekah Dilts, who happens to be Meri Brown’s sister.
5175	Nationally, Britain’s unemployment rate has remained unchanged, but there are further signs of cracks in the jobs market after official figures showed a fall in vacancies and an increase in redundancies.
5176	Nationally, costs are for combined water services.
5177	National President of JD (U) and Member of Parliament, Rajiv Ranjan Singh, said that during the 2018 election, the BJP party had assured the people of Nagaland “election for solution”.
5178	Native to South Asia, turmeric has been used for thousands of years as both a culinary and a medicinal ingredient.
5179	Naturally, we don't want to recklessly -- we don't want to be reckless in our activities.
5180	Navigating the stormy seas of the cryptocurrency market, MicroStrategy, the largest publicly-traded holder of Bitcoin, successfully charted a course back to profitability in the second quarter.
5181	Navigation is a major issue for streaming services, which want to make sure that the content they have can be found and watched, increasing consumer satisfaction and monetization.
5182	Navjot Sidhu latest visitor, how Moosewala home has become a port of call.
5183	Nawazuddin Siddiqui says Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Aamir Khan call him for their films because of the bond they share.
5184	Naylor was deliberately walked by Angels supervisor Phil Nevin within the ninth inning Friday, then linked on Ryan Tepera’s 0-1 pitch (2-2).
5185	NCAD Works 2023 is a week-long programme from June 9-16, open to the public and free of charge.
5186	NCA used International Menstrual Hygiene Day to urge the authorities to provide adequate WASH facilities in educational settings, citing the importance of enabling girls to manage their menstrual periods with dignity.
5187	NCM Capital Management LLC grew its position in Chevron by 1.2% in the first quarter.
5188	Nearly 3,000 have arrived so far this year, often ending up in expensive hotels at taxpayer expense.
5189	Nearly 80 people were signed up to testify before the Senate Committee on Housing and Development, according to committee chair Sen. Kayse Jama, D-Portland, a majority of whom were in favor of the bill.
5190	Nearly a decade later, Benzina has now become the first player to wear a headscarf at the World Cup as she was picked to start in a 1-0 win over South Korea – her nation’s first victory at a Women’s World Cup.
5191	Nebraska never fully recovered.
5192	Needham & Company LLC reduced their price objective on shares of Alphabet from $160.00 to $115.00 and set a “buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Thursday, December 22nd.
5193	Needless to say, a lot was expected of this young man.
5194	Needless to say, the pair of assassins won't be mocking any of the Straw Hats soon after that.
5195	Nehru’s successor, Indira Gandhi, only signed a security treaty with the Soviet Union in 1971, when she feared the implications of Sino-U.
5196	Neither Furry nor Chong cited any evidence that the program would improve school security, or diminish the risk of mishaps.
5197	Neither he nor the venture firm commented on the senator’s concerns but Tellus CEO/CTO Jeromee Johnson did provide me with a statement via email.
5198	Neither option is turnkey, and both require searching through Enpass’ support pages for instruction.
5199	Neither senator responded to emailed questions about whether they were concerned about the slipping schedules.
5200	Nelly Furtado's "Promiscuous" album was the first CD I tried to buy as a kid.
5201	Nelson signed up for the Rachel Carson Trail Challenge, which led her to join the North Park Trail Runners group.
5202	Nestle replied: "Thank you for reaching out to us.
5203	Nestling in the prestigious foredecks, there’s the exclusive MSC Yacht Club, a luxurious ship-within-a-ship with 71 suites with its own concierge reception, 24-hour butler service, private Top Sail lounge, pool deck and bar.
5204	Netanyahu called their deaths an “unbearable tragedy” vowing to continue "with a supreme effort to return all the hostages home safely.”
5205	Netflix announced that the series wouldn't be returning earlier today.
5206	Netflix has revealed a new Barbie series, titled Barbie: A Touch of Magic, will be arriving on the streaming platform…
5207	Neufeld said when a natural area is changed to impervious surfaces like concrete, it increases what she calls the "flashiness" of the system.
5208	Nevertheless, building wealth from a self-managed investment portfolio over an extended holding period is rare compared to professional managers collecting millions in advisory fees each quarter.
5209	Nevertheless, gaining an understanding about Medusa tattoos is informative not only for hopeful collectors, but also for artists who want to make the experience comfortable for their clients and create a design they'll love long-term.
5210	Nevertheless, his theories about overcoming trauma permeate the work.
5211	“Nevertheless, the release of Mr. Kuti on bail, as ordered by the Magistrate, is only waiting for administrative approval.
5212	Nevertheless, there’s a public investment fund that still seems very bullish on Lucid, but this doesn’t mean you need to jump into the trade right now.
5213	New career teachers and newly appointed (first time) Principals and Directors of Catholic Schools in the Diocese of Parramatta are invited to a Commissioning and welcoming ceremony to commence the academic year.
5214	Newcastle United’s win over Arsenal was dominated by one fractious moment.
5215	New data — free, publicly available maps of landslide susceptibility across five counties — was released this summer, right after the July floods.
5216	“New deal with Albania, tackling crime gangs… my view on this is simple.
5217	NEW food hygiene ratings have been awarded to a Halesowen dessert shop and two other establishments, the Food Standards Agency’s website shows.
5218	Newfoundland and Labrador Housing says it’s offering help to the tent city protesters across from Confederation Building.
5219	New Jersey homes and businesses added 455 megawatts (MW) of solar generating capacity through 18,000 new installations in 2022, exceeding the previous record of 453 MW installed in 2019.
5220	New loan striker Admiral Muskwe, who arrived from Luton Town on deadline day, was a sub, as were youngsters Jake Richards and Mitch Beardmore.
5221	New outdoor space at Moree Community College a 'refreshing update'
5222	News overnight of plunging deposits at First Republic Bank in the U.S. served as a reminder that stability risks have not entirely died down and prompted traders to renew expectations that the Fed shifts quickly from hiking to cutting.
5223	New staff faces including manager Pedro Grifol didn’t help the Sox last season — in fact, the team regressed to the tune of 20 more losses — so nothing is a given.
5224	New year, new bull market… hopefully.
5225	NEW YORK (AP) — Artemi Panarin, K’Andre Miller and Filip Chytil scored third-period goals as the New York Rangers rallied to beat Carolina 5-3 on Tuesday night, snapping the Hurricanes’ 11-game winning streak.
5226	NEW YORK -- Comcast subscribers will be able to view the NFL Network after all.
5227	New York failed to score a touchdown in their final three games.
5228	New York Life Investment Management LLC’s holdings in Squarespace were worth $409,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
5229	NEW YORK — New York Community Bank has agreed to buy a significant chunk of the failed Signature Bank in a $2.7 billion deal, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said late Sunday.
5230	New York’s Only Rest Stop for Delivery Workers Just Closed.
5231	New York State Common Retirement Fund boosted its stake in shares of Citigroup by 0.9% during the 4th quarter.
5232	Next, don’t be a stranger to the voter pamphlet.
5233	Next earnings report is scheduled for 65 days from now.
5234	Next, Justin is still crying as he tells the man he previously knew as his son, Alex that he doesn’t know how he can tell him this.
5235	Next question comes from Mario Saric at Scotiabank.
5236	Next question, will Coinbase expand the stocks to compete with platforms like Robinhood?
5237	Next thing your going to post is that chopping the foreskin of babies isn't a symbol of virtuous enlightenment.
5238	Next week will be a big day because it will mark 69 days as champions.
5239	Next year, the College plans to place all Theme/Affinity/Program/Special Interest (TAPSI) communities in one building.
5240	NFL insider Jordan Schultz previously reported that “everyone” on the Titans is available for trade given their 2-4 start and potential firesale, but that’s only half of the equation.
5241	Niagara Regional council placed the first building block for the 2023 budget by approving, in principle, spending $237 million on capital projects this year.
5242	Nice for the companies’ earnings, but bad news for the earnings of the drivers.
5243	Nicholas J. Luzietti designed office spaces for a variety of clients as an interior designer who spent much of his career with VOA Associates in Chicago.
5244	Nichols: The Crimson Tide is a big second half team, how can the Aztecs stop them early to prevent this type of thing from happening?
5245	Nick encouraged Sally to call the doctor, who saw her right away.
5246	Nick Landon, chief commercial officer, Royal Mail.
5247	Nick, who has been in the center for more than a year now, said he was learning a lot of skills through Turning Point.
5248	Nicolas Jackson looks to be a solid centre-forward but needs to work on his finishing as a couple of opportunities went begging.
5249	Nicola will be based at Swayne Johnson’s St Asaph headquarters in the Court of Protection team alongside fellow recruits Emma Mitchell and Eifion Blease.
5250	Nicole Nussbaum, president of Calme Gutenberg, a neighborhood association, said that the situation was "getting worse and worse.”
5251	NIDA Connect is already making waves having selected four teaching artists to deliver specialised programs for young people in Leeton in the areas of acting, writing and design for performance, as well as technical production.
5252	Nigerians can now request their commercial banks to provide them with a debit card which doubles as their National Identity Card at no extra cost than the normal fees charged for debit cards.
5253	Nigeria’s Tems, real name, Temilade Openiyi, won the ‘Best Melodic Rap Performance’ category on Sunday night for her role in ‘Wait for U’, the 2022 hit song by Future, featuring Drake.
5254	Niger paid back in November 2022 by after President Buhari.
5255	Night life and entertainment, community development and beautification, development of scientific research and innovation, arts and entertainment etc etc…
5256	Nikolaj Coster-Waldau, pictured in a scene from Game of Thrones, will play William the Conqueror in a new eight-part BBC series.
5257	“NIL is integral to the success of our program and is reshaping the future of athletics at every major university nationwide,” Yurachek said.
5258	NIL-wise, we’ve grown so much.”
5259	Nimble, specialty shooting and greater creative control.
5260	NiMet urged all Airline operators to avail themselves of weather reports periodically from its office for effective planning in their operations.
5261	Nkambule was remanded in custody and he is faced with charges relating to possession of unlicensed firearm, pointing with a firearm, obstructing the cause of justice as well as aiding the suspect to escape.
5262	"Nkunku, it is like a new signing because we didn’t use except for pre-season.
5263	No. 6 Liberty will face No. 4 Tehachapi for the Division II championship Friday at 6 p.m. at Selland Arena in Fresno.
5264	No additional details about the man’s identity are available at this time.
5265	No amount of reflective fabric and LED bike lights are going to make riding through traffic comfortable for me at 4:30 p.m. in December.
5266	No arrests have been made and the incident is being investigated.
5267	Noble’s statement concluded: “Is Australia the only place in the world where a minority attempts to ban one of Australia’s great bands over something that happened so many years ago?
5268	Nobody said, ‘I’m not going to have a woman do an operation.’
5269	Nobody who's worried about gold going to $1200 in 8 months should own a single share of any company that mines anything.
5270	No doubt it had survived many battles.
5271	Noel has spoken previously on whether he would consider a reunion.
5272	No evidence other than a screenshot with a red band but no text in it.
5273	NO fewer than 10 political parties have collapsed their structure in support of the governorship candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Cross River, Sen. Sandy Onor.
5274	No figuring things out, no fixing or changing anything — in it.
5275	“No illnesses attributed to pollution,” a front-page New York Times story proclaimed on Nov. 27 that year.
5276	No itching, no tightness, nothing but hydrated skin!
5277	No, Jagmeet Singh isn't Rachel Notley's boss.
5278	No mainstream politician proposes to privatize the N.H.S.: The specter of the inequitable U.S. health system still horrifies many Britons.
5279	No matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t turn it off.
5280	No matter how they relate to agriculture, the industry feeds and clothes them and makes consumers of us all.
5281	No matter the time or distance, Jerry was always present for his children and family, whether a sports game, event, school, holiday celebration, or family gathering.
5282	No matter what people say, you know that you’re on the right track.
5283	No matter what time of the year it is, if you smell or hear gas leaking, leave your home immediately and contact local gas authorities from outside the home, CPSC says.
5284	No mention of reasons for the decision.
5285	No more small ones on the ground, no more big ones attacking you, and no more spider skitters and screeches.
5286	None of the four Union ministers from the state тАУ including Subhas Sarkar, John Barla.
5287	None of those Wagner commanders has appeared in public or issued a statement since the crash, despite repeated promises of a coming announcement on Wagner-affiliated Telegram channels.
5288	• None September's jobs report came in hotter than expected, and could indicate higher Federal Reserve rates.
5289	Non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of 2023 was a loss of $17.1 million, compared to a loss of $14.1 million in the first quarter of 2022.
5290	No, of course there’s no distinction.
5291	"No one can defy gravity and gravity here is inflation-adjusted economic growth," he told WEF founder Klaus Schwab in a livestreamed discussion.
5292	"No one is believed to have been seriously injured and the road is now clear."
5293	No other details, including names, were made available.
5294	No other Republicans have submitted fundraising numbers in the 2024 Senate race.
5295	Nordea Investment Management AB boosted its position in Alphabet by 1,899.8% during the third quarter.
5296	No recipient of a handout can be responsible.
5297	Norris set to pit as well.
5298	Northeast winds up to 10 mph shifting to the east after midnight.
5299	Northern Ireland Secretary Chris Heaton-Harris made a Commons statement on Thursday confirming he intends to establish the inquiry in response to a judgment that directed the Government to establish some form of investigation.
5300	Northwestern’s “Beyond Northwestern” handout reported salary information by school for the class of 2021 and 2022, and by industry for the class of 2019 and 2020.
5301	Notably, becoming a firefighter doesn't necessitate a specific university degree; instead, one can embark on this path by completing a fire service training course.
5302	Notably, the American Rescue Plan delivered $1 billion to Head Start and $39 billion in dedicated child care relief funding.
5303	Notably, Trump distanced himself from Hitler but insisted that he had never read “Mein Kampf.”
5304	No team has taken a single snap inside Michigan’s 10-yard-line this season.
5305	Note any family members with health issues like asthma, allergies, compromised immune systems, etc., that may be negatively impacted by the outgassing of VOCs.
5306	Note: Letters and opinion pieces may be edited for clarity or length or to omit needlessly identifying individuals.
5307	Note that facts about the presence of an ancient settlement in the mentioned area have not been recorded so far.
5308	Not even with his family.
5309	Not everyone mourns the passing of Help to Buy.
5310	Nothing is left to fate in the playwright’s impressive debut feature.
5311	“Not in here it doesn’t.
5312	Not just a river in Egypt.
5313	Not only did they keep their best player but they also got some help for him.
5314	Not only do the Rams host Utah Tech (5 p.m. MT), but the Ag Day BBQ is back, too.
5315	Not only is the approach inaccurate, but it would also obstruct the doctors' chances of hearing anything at all.
5316	Not only is the group generally a bit weak (with the actors splitting votes, Hirsch only having one scene, and Henry coming from a tiny tiny film), but Quan, like Hsu, is given such a rich variety of skills to exhibit.
5317	Not that things are great.
5318	Not wasting much time capitalizing on the success of season 1, NBC announced that season 2 was greenlit on May 12, 2023.
5319	Not yet, anyway.) episode bracingly illustrates how easily rational politics can slip into a Never-Never Land where, even after the children grow up, politics doesn’t.
5320	Nov 28 (Reuters) - Russia's gas output rose for the third month in row in October but overall gas production in the first 10 months of the year fell, the Kommersant daily reported on Tuesday.
5321	Now 32, Biamou has had various trials at clubs, including Burton Albion, but his progress has been hampered by a niggling injury problem.
5322	Now 48, Butt is also the current CEO of the League Two club after taking over from Neville in October 2022.
5323	Now 78, Stills is speaking to me over a video call from his airy home in the hills above Los Angeles.
5324	Now, Artificial Intelligence Powered Equity ETF () as its name implies is an that utilizes IBM’s Watson suite of analytics tools to replace human analysts who are normally responsible to allocate assets to the underlying fund.
5325	Now, before I’m accused of treason against the Second City - let me explain.
5326	Now both states have put up $1 billion and authorized tolling, which is expected to contribute $1.237 billion.
5327	Now Cariad is working to complete it this year to be ready for 2024 VW models.
5328	Now Charlotte has the No. 2 pick and are getting Scoot Henderson or Brandon Miller and Atlanta has a full season with Quin Snyder.
5329	Now, he is threatening to ban beer at a Rangers game.
5330	Now, however, a protagonist who is imbued with ancient magic, ostensibly chosen because of their valor, can cast those curses with ease?
5331	Now, if any further offers come in for that pair, or anyone else in the squad, Farke and the hierarchy will decide if they wish to accept or not.
5332	Now I have nothing against Christians — some of my best friends, et cetera, et cetera — and I’m all for interfaith friendships.
5333	Now immersed in the local community, with some of her art even showcased in local businesses, Ms Martin said her change has changed in a welcome way.
5334	Now, interesting point.
5335	Now, in this next FIBA WC of Basketball, one shouldn’t be expecting Rubio to be putting up nearly the numbers he was in the Tokyo Olympics, nor should fans be looking for Rubio to be the MVP of the tourney.
5336	Now, it appears McCord is off the table as an option.
5337	Now it can help you keep an eye out on the road as well as in your cabin.
5338	Now it’s two on three and, by using the Force, the master and apprentice defeat the guards.
5339	Now let’s look at some of the benefits of betting at 1xBit.
5340	Now members of the authority's planning and rights of way panel are being recommended to approve proposals for an 82-room complex at their meeting on February 21.
5341	Now my supply runs also serve as periodic day trips to visit a new QC destination.
5342	Now, nearly 30 years and seven hit records later, Good Charlotte is still making that magic.
5343	No wonder the Spaniard said “it doesn’t get much better than this” as he evaluated a deserved victory over a United side who now find themselves 11 points in arrears.
5344	Now one quarter later, we are proud to share that these efforts drove impressive double-digit growth in Managed WordPress bookings, which is included in our applications and commerce segment.
5345	Now, people are increasingly recognizing the medication’s side effects, especially loose facial skin referred to as “Ozempic face.”
5346	“Now Sharifs are playing the India card against Khan.
5347	Now she was afraid of disappointing me!
5348	Now that we teed off with the basics, let's approach the top-12 favorites and my outright portfolio for this tournament.
5349	Now, the 27-year-old artist has joined Train for the band’s 2023 summer tour, which included a stop in Salt Lake City on July 31.
5350	Now, the county will hold a hearing next week to either amend, suspend, or revoke the business’ agreement to continue to operate.
5351	Now, the DeSantis administration wants to rewrite AP Psychology curriculum to enforce their image of America, too.
5352	Now, the EPA is on the eve of strengthening them.
5353	Now, the former Heavyweight champion tells all about what transpired.
5354	Now there's a new tool for retailers to keep that waste down and help their customers save cash.
5355	Now, they are being told they need to leave Baker's Lighthouse Motel by the end of June.
5356	Now through January The Fairmont Hotel & Bungalows is offering holiday programming.
5357	Now we get to the timeliness — and Novey’s knack for being on theme without ever being too on the nose.
5358	NSE Nifty 50 rose 48.50 points or 0.26% to 18,362.90 and BSE Sensex jumped 134.48 points or 0.22% to 62,098.16 in pre-open.
5359	NTV’s Ben Cleary is in Fleur de Lys, and will have the latest on NTV News First Edition, and the NTV Evening Newshour.
5360	Nuggets sports broadcaster Bill Hanzlik showed up to present the father and son with a surprise — two tickets to attend Game 1 in-person.
5361	Numerous people around the world detest Trump as a font of discord and chaos but they are also sensitive to his grievances about a justice system bent on persecuting him to prevent his candidature.
5362	Nuts are a superfood packed with mental health benefits.
5363	Nyah Cockle performs as part of the Young Mannheim Symphonists youth orchestra program earlier in 2023.
5364	Nye and the Streets Department have provided the city with street sweeping, snow removal, asphalt overlay projects, storm water inlet and pipe cleaning services, among many other services.
5365	NYPD police said two teenage boys and a teenage girl initially began throwing rocks at a 49-year-old man in Queens while yelling antisemitic epithets.
5366	Obasa disclosed that the assembly would make laws to protect indigenes' property and economy.
5367	Obi also called for a thorough investigation into the military air strike and proposed the establishment of a foundation to assist the victims of the Tudun Biri drone attack, especially those who have been orphaned as a result of the incident.
5368	Obi and Atiku both got zero vote.
5369	Obituary and memorial details to follow.
5370	Obviously, he knows where to go with the ball.
5371	“Obviously it was scary.
5372	“Obviously this place is amazing, … the history, all that stuff,” Brunson said.
5373	Occasionally an act of God will intervene in an otherwise happy relationship – a workplace accident, a mental or physical health crisis, an addiction.
5374	Oceanside players, from left, Bailey Breen, Renee Ripley and Abby Waterman, among others.
5375	Odisha escaped with a narrow win at home when these two faced each other earlier in the season.
5376	Of course, as I remarked in the opening lines the views that came out of the twenty-four variegated writers are as diverse as they all are.
5377	Of course he looks tired and exhausted.
5378	Of course, if the government decided to close Travis it would make available many thousands of acres of open land that the government would be most happy to sell to these wolves for very low prices.
5379	Of course, it’s ease and convenience that most people value the most in the kitchen.
5380	Of course, they also need to make sure the defense doesn’t take a huge step back.
5381	Of course, turning off tests only works if test alerts go out properly on the test channel.
5382	“Of course, we have done as much as possible but what is certain is that Chorley is always a difficult place to go.
5383	Office of the Artsakh President reported that the president highlighted maintaining internal unity.
5384	Officers conducted an area search and found him on nearby Parkhurst Road.
5385	Officers had an initial encounter with Nichols beside his car, where he was pepper-sprayed, said family attorney Antonio Romanucci, who has seen the video.
5386	Officer Spreitzer articulated that throughout this process, crews are, “continuously monitoring the air quality.”
5387	Officers requested support from the London Ambulance Service and London Fire Brigade.
5388	Officers said no sit-in protest is allowed at India Gate.
5389	Officers searched the area but were unable to locate the vehicle.
5390	OFFICERS searching for a missing woman last seen in Dorchester are appealing for information to help find her.
5391	Office spaces are being converted to classrooms, while electrical systems for technology needs are being updated and the parking lot resurfaced to make way for a makeshift play area.
5392	Often, these come in the form of an adversary that must be fought and killed.
5393	Of the announced attendees, fans can expect to see writer and producer Jed Shepherd (), filmmaker Aaron Koontz (), writer Micah Haley (), and Armen Aghaeian, producer and senior vice president of Film and TV at Fangoria Studios (
5394	Of the top seven players from last season’s playoff rotation, only one (Dennis Schröder, who signed with the Toronto Raptors as a free agent) isn’t returning.
5395	Of the volcanoes in the vicinity of Novarupta (Katmai, and Trident), only two have erupted since 1912.
5396	Of this £24 million, a DANI spokesman had told Farming Life, over £10 million “had already been taken up in lime and fertiliser grants”.
5397	Of those charged 43 have been charged with a public order offence, while two have been charged with assaulting police officers and another has been charged with possession of a knife.
5398	Of those surveyed 34 percent personally spend between zero and 10 hours configuring or setting up ML each month, with a further 24 percent spending 11 to 20 hours.
5399	Ogilvy was also fined $2000 relating to other offences, and ordered to pay $1200 in compensation to the victim of his August 2022 fraud offending.
5400	Oh, and a little unknown act called Harry Styles.
5401	Ohio pitcher Tyler Peck pitched two strikeouts to end the top of the inning.
5402	Oh well, as they probably are telling each other at the White House and State Department, “Every silver lining has a cloud.”
5403	O'Kelly also stated she was 'extremely proud' of her colleagues for what they are doing, in their roles, and what they are trying to do in 'trying to honour the hard-earned good will that the public has given to us, and their trust'.
5404	“OK, I admit it looked a little strange.
5405	Oklahoma City Blue at South Bay Lakers — ESPN+/Spectrum SportsNet, 10 p.m.
5406	Old North State Trust LLC now owns 10,040 shares of the asset manager’s stock worth $114,000 after acquiring an additional 9,872 shares during the period.
5407	OLD STONE CHURCH/ Weddings: I posted a picture of the booklet that the museum carries on the Old Stone Church on the Facebook “Lyons Historical Artifacts” page, and every few weeks someone “finds” it and posts “I was married there”.
5408	Old submerged machinery and cables and unexpected currents can catch out swimmers, while extremely cold areas of water can result in cold water shock and shallow waters and poor water quality can lead to serious illness.
5409	Ollie Wood of Wakefield took home the British Championships circuit race title in Redcar last night.
5410	Olly has suggested changing next year's route which currently passes through and Childwall up towards Alder Hey.
5411	Olympus’ Eva Thorn and teammates celebrate their win against Park City at Olympus High in Holladay on Wednesday, May 3, 2023.
5412	Omnisphere is designed to be intuitive and easy to use, even for novice users.
5413	"On 21 May 2023, leading Russian propagandist Margarita Simonyan mooted that citizens should work for two extra hours in munitions factories each day, after their regular jobs.
5414	On 2 January 2023, at the age of 71, Suraj passed away in a house fire.
5415	On a normal day, a mannequin with the team’s uniform for the upcoming week stands inside the double doors.
5416	On a personal note, she recalled having a childhood dream to enter politics, “and I made it happen, and I think everyone can do it – it’s just a matter of will to make the decision, and then to work hard”.
5417	On a personal note, yours sincerely had similarly encountered not a few of such monstrous creatures on the treacherous, even perilous, road to the last general polls.
5418	On arrival, the victim told Booth and the others with him they were not allowed inside the home.
5419	On average, analysts forecast that Verizon Communications Inc. will post 5.18 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
5420	On average, kids in Oregon are seven and a half years old when the magic is spoiled.
5421	On average, research analysts expect that Central Japan Railway will post 1.1 earnings per share for the current fiscal year.
5422	On a weekday afternoon at Red Rock Coffee, the cafe known for spotting venture capitalists in Silicon Valley, one is likely to overhear a few conversations in Mandarin.
5423	Once adopted, the UN treaty will go into force 120 days after 60 countries have ratified it.
5424	Once a school is deemed inadequate it can be judged to have Serious Weaknesses or even placed into Special Measures.
5425	Once connected, users can then use various payment methods such as credit cards, e-wallets, bank transfers and cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin to fund their accounts and claim bonus offers when available.
5426	Once everyone realized that Riku had gone mad, Doflamingo stepped in to stop him.
5427	Once her African American heritage came to light, Williams was told there were too many floats and her turn on the stage was scrapped.
5428	Once it takes root it’s nearly impossible to detach.
5429	Once she’d read everything she could find about Section 28, McEwen threw herself, peroxide-pixie-cut-first, into the role.
5430	Once singles enter a relationship, they switch their status on the app but maintain the role of matchmakers.
5431	Once such information is shared, there is greater risk of data leaks and cybercrimes, especially since recipients may not bear a fiduciary responsibility to protect such data.
5432	Once the Catalyst is fully upgraded and slotted in, it provides a short draw time buff to the Verglas Curve whenever players freeze a target.
5433	Once the DNA test presumably proves Claire is a Newman, Victoria’s going to be even more sympathetic to her.
5434	Once the nut mix is cool, scrunch up the paper to crush the brittle into smaller pieces.
5435	Once the plane landed, around nine passengers were taken to a hospital as they had some breathing issues.
5436	Once there, Frey and Cuff will discuss their current situation and Chapter 4 will come to an end.
5437	Once the Virgin router is switched off and on again, those with M500 or Gig1 plans will then see their speeds increase without paying anything extra for the privilege.
5438	Once we get a list of players who returned equipment we will reissue payments.”
5439	Once you have the correct cable and adapter for your setup, simply plug it in and use the Display Settings menu to adjust the resolution and other settings of your external display.
5440	On Dec. 18, the final round of the Retired Racehorse Cup (RRC), an equestrian competition organized by the National Riding Club Association, was held at the riding center of Tokyo Racecourse.
5441	On Delays at restarting the explosion-damaged Freeport LNG export terminal and on weather forecasts.
5442	One argued that paying tax is a good thing because it allows us to invest in vital public services, while the other sought to block proposed reforms to council tax that will mean we raise more funding for local services from the highest value homes.
5443	OneAscent Wealth Management LLC now owns 21,295 shares of the iPhone maker’s stock valued at $2,767,000 after purchasing an additional 1,121 shares during the last quarter.
5444	One boy about the age of eight chose broccoli, cilantro, and kale for his first attempt at gardening.
5445	One by one, we would fall asleep and have happy dreams until the sun came up the next morning.
5446	One can also mention projects aimed at boosting human endurance, doping studies and efforts to make people more resistant to pain and other irritants.
5447	One controversial point is that the “Akan Heartland” refers less to all the Akan regions and more to those parts of the Akan-dominated geography with predictable voting patterns.
5448	One death and 40 injuries were reported for this “minor“ event.
5449	One deputy can then be heard barking like a dog, according to the video.
5450	One exercise I developed is called the Black Mirror Writers Room, where students speculate about possible negative consequences of technology like social media algorithms and self-driving cars.
5451	One fall day in 1998, Roeper spotted him walking and tried to interview him.
5452	One flew into the same tower in (Moscow) City as last time (Sunday).
5453	“One hundred thirty-three (51 percent) of the cases were actively involved.
5454	One is the physical risks and these include chronic issues (such as a gradual and sustained change in temperature and precipitation) as well as acute events such as extreme weather occurrences).
5455	On election day, almost 1 million voters cast their ballot for Prisoner 9653.
5456	One major difference, though, existed between the two.
5457	One occupant of the SUV was taken to hospital with minor injuries, and a second occupant was uninjured.
5458	One of the accused men also reached out to our Newsroom and stated that at the time of the supposed incident, he was on his way to Belize from El Salvador.
5459	One of the areas being searched for the missing woman.
5460	One of the bedrooms is the master with an ensuite shower room.
5461	One of the characters in the series who is accused of killing Bruce Wayne/Batman is Duela Doe, aka The Joker's Daughter.
5462	One of the chemical compounds analyzed, perfluorooctanesulfonic acid (PFOS), commonly found in firefighting foam, was found to be above the reporting limit — the level at which an instrument can accurately measure concentrations — in both samples.
5463	“One of the cool things about Netflix is that we can move between working with a German team and a French team, for example,” added Winger.
5464	One of the FIRs was over a complaint of sexual harassment by a minor, filed under the stringent Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, which gives no scope for bail.
5465	One of the greatest albums is 3 Feet High and Rising and then there’ll be other people that argue that maybe some of De La Soul’s other albums are better than that one.
5466	One of the hardest things is rebuilding and acquiring inventory in the winter, she said.
5467	One of the injured persons has suffered serious burn injuries and he had been shifted to the Burns Ward of the Victoria hospital.
5468	One of the main risks the company is facing is a recessionary environment, with fewer new business creations and closings.
5469	One of the most jarring elements of my experience in an American university is the frequency with which conversations about racial justice, Islamophobia and state-sanctioned violence exclude Palestine entirely.
5470	One of the things that stood out to me initially about this guitar was how compatible it is with a tube amp.
5471	One of the world’s leading Peruvian restaurants, La Mar by Peru’s most influential chef Gastón Acurio, has officially opened its doors at the newly launched, ultra-luxury destination resort, Atlantis The Royal.
5472	One of Trump’s arguments in defense will likely be that he was engaging in politicking and political speech, not plotting a criminal conspiracy.
5473	One of two roommates who were not harmed told investigators she saw a masked man dressed in black in the house the morning of the attack, according to the probable cause affidavit.
5474	One of Western Europe’s loveliest drives, surrounded by the highest Pyrenees and down the valley, the homely country town Benasque.
5475	One Piece has been around for ages now, and its anime is about to enter an important era.
5476	One poster joked: 'I wouldn't consider it 100% unless it was grown by a Druid.'
5477	One pound is now worth $1.23, a level last seen in March.
5478	“One program that we've instituted recently is a first-time Homebuyers Assistance Program,” he said.
5479	One promising leather alternative comes from mushrooms.
5480	One punter said: “Dirty beach!
5481	One said: “Very strange creepy siren going off in the Digby/Newcourt area this evening has been making this noise every few minutes for the past 4+ hours and is still going.
5482	One shot from this weapon shoots nearly six missiles that adapt to enemy movements, almost promising that some connect for damage.
5483	One such deal that we have previously recommended is the Ghost Deep Night Eau de Toilette that has been slashed from £44 to £18.89 on Amazon.
5484	One such project, the Haidou-1, has broken several world records for unmanned submersibles, including a diving depth of 10,908 meters.
5485	One summer evening when he was out late with friends, he overdosed on a combination of cough medicine and alcohol, needing medical attention.
5486	One thing I thought was 'Right before the tunnel routes were developed, who were the first soldiers in Vietnam who went underground in tunnels?'
5487	One thing that seems to keep pulling viewers out of their immersion in Albert Square's world though is the apparent lack of inflation or price rises that keep cropping up in Walford.
5488	One variation in black seems to be an excellent representation of a leech and features a good swimming motion as it is stripped through the water.
5489	One-way fares will start at $49.
5490	One way of evaluating jurisdictions for compliance requirements is through comparative analysis.
5491	One who has chosen to stay was Olesia Misiats, a nurse who worked in a Kyiv COVID-19 hospital when she fled with her mother and two daughters on Feb. 24, 2022 — the day Russia launched a full-scale invasion of Ukraine.
5492	One woman held a swaddled baby, and another woman fed a child rice and beans as they waited to see him.
5493	On February 8, the Reserve Bank of India hiked the key benchmark policy rate by 25 basis points to 6.5%, citing sticky core inflation.
5494	On Friday evening, the king and other senior members of the royal family will host a reception at Buckingham Palace for world leaders and dignitaries who have been flying into the British capital ahead of Saturday's event.
5495	On Friday, it also emerged that the accountancy firm which had audited the SNP’s books for more than a decade had resigned.
5496	On Friday, Lord Weir said the pair were “entirely unrepentant” for their actions as he sentenced them, jailing Curtis for 18 months for sending threatening messages.
5497	On Friday, the United Nations General Assembly passed a resolution calling for an immediate ceasefire in Gaza, which made no mention of Hamas, by an overwhelming majority, drawing praise from the Islamist terror group and condemnation from Israel.
5498	On July 14, 1933, Popeye the Sailor Man appeared in his first cartoon.
5499	On July 24 alone, Norfolk Southern sent $1 million in what it called community relief funds to Western Pennsylvania, including $660,000 to Beaver County’s Darlington Township and $340,000 to Lawrence County, Gov. Josh Shapiro said.
5500	On July 29 at 10:14pm, troopers said a Ford Explorer was traveling westbound on US 70 near Pine Level.
5501	On June 2, he was jailed for 18 years, having been found guilty of five counts of indecent assault and one count of sexual assault.
5502	On “Locke” and “The Guilty,” the other actors spoke to the leading men in real time from a nearby location during principal photography to help the exchanges feel spontaneous.
5503	Only 39% said religion was “very important” compared to 62% in 1998.
5504	Only a solution where Haiti’s diverse social actors are empowered to choose their own non-aligned, international partners could be a step in the right direction of Haitians exercising their own self-determination.
5505	Only, Davis wasn’t shopping for it.
5506	Only Grover Cleveland did it, back in the 1880s.
5507	Only his second Premier League start clearly showing, as Lopetegui says, that he has a very bright future ahead.
5508	Only Rishi has been keeping secrets.
5509	On March 21, the DIFE launched an Industrial Safety Unit, initially consisting of seven engineers, to oversee the National Initiative factories and, eventually, the safety of industries.
5510	On matchday, nothing changed.
5511	On Monday Djokovic will enjoy a ridiculous 400th week at world No 1, now 90 weeks greater than Federer in second place.
5512	On new products and indications, we have had a productive quarter.
5513	On re-direct, Carroll's attorney, Michael Ferrara, asked, "Are you making this up because you hate Donald Trump?"
5514	On Saturday afternoon there is a party on the green at Llandaff Cathedral between 13:00 and 19:00, with refreshments, stalls, games, and music from the cathedral's choristers.
5515	On Saturday, March 18, in the sixth round of the 200M individual medley at the Quebec Masters Cup, Jacobs broke a provincial record with a time of 2:35.81, beating the previous record holder, Detlev Grabs, who had a time of 2:37.96 in May 2022.
5516	On Saturday morning (January 14), it was revealed that the 37-year-old Promising Young Woman actress is expecting her third child with husband Marcus Mumford.
5517	On Saturday, the U.S. military remained tight-lipped about what, if anything, it had learned as recovery efforts were underway on the Alaskan sea ice.
5518	On slide 16, average loans were down slightly a bit over the quarter as inflation and supply chain pressures continue easing and clients are adjusting inventories to reflect this, as well as lower CapEx in anticipation of reduced economic activity.
5519	On social media, residents in have been sharing photos of their reptilian friends.
5520	On Sunday, a Philippine boat and a Chinese Coast Guard ship collided near a contested reef in the South China Sea, and both countries are placing the blame on each other.
5521	On Sunday April 23rd at 3pm, the UK Government will be testing their new emergency alert system.
5522	On Sunday, June 11 from 12pm to 2pm why not go along to Tinonee Memorial School of Arts Hall and have some fun at Sandra Bassetti's Balkan Boogie - music, songs and dance from the Balkans for all the family to enjoy.
5523	On Sunday, the multimillionaire ex-software executive also knocked former President Donald Trump, telling NBC’s Chuck Todd he would not do business with the GOP front-runner.
5524	On the back nine Murray Parsons and Anthony McCann got the verdict over Zak Jones and Pete Dunn.
5525	On the contrary, Ortis said during testimony earlier this month that in September 2014 he was contacted by a counterpart at a foreign agency who advised him of a particularly serious threat.
5526	”On the day of Holi, please fill the lives of these youth with colours, and cancel the contract… Also, take action against those officials who awarded them the contract,” he said.
5527	On the day of the final, the RFEF had initially put out a statement quoting Hermoso as saying the kiss was “a natural gesture of affection and gratitude”.
5528	On the days leading up to the race the weather had been great and runners had been relaxing and taking in the atmosphere in glorious sunshine.
5529	On the day the trial started, the suspended attorney general thanked his supporters and issued a note of defiance, writing on social media, “I will never back down for defending freedom.”
5530	On the flip side, Bitcoin Cash (BCH) continues its protracted passiveness as the bulls struggle to overhaul the bears.
5531	On the floor of the legislature on Nov. 7, Cathers asked the Liberals to release the independent report.
5532	On the funding side, deposits totaled $5.1 billion at March 31, up 4.3% from December 31. As a reminder, we have a substantial public deposit portfolio associated with local municipalities.
5533	On the ground floor, househunters will find three spacious double bedrooms.
5534	On the historic day as the procession of the King and Queen, their regalia, senior clerics, and other figures makes its way through the nave of Westminster Abbey, the pages will hold the robes of some of the leading individuals taking part.
5535	On the other hand, Epic is $250 less to start with.
5536	“On the other hand, if these are fabrications borne out of envy, jealousy, wickedness and insecurities.
5537	On the other hand, Malawi’s economy has been significantly weakened by a series of exogenous shocks and persistent macro-economic shocks which are affecting businesses.
5538	On the other hand, the typical home in California is far smaller than the typical American residence.
5539	On the other hand, when Chandy conducted his interaction programmes in 2011, 2013 and 2015, he received 94,698 complaints from Kasaragod alone.
5540	On the page for a Change.org petition that was set up by Courtney, asking for Gerhart's firing, he says that someone who worked on his ranch, Donaciano Amaya, was murdered on his property and left for the couple to find.
5541	On the Right – prominent activists like Bill Cosby said ‘Poor Black people suffered from not having strong leaders and Blacks should spend their money on education and NOT on disposable goods.
5542	On the RSS’s approach to women, what was new was Mr. Bhagwat’s statement that the organisation would consider how to involve women more directly in the RSS shakhas.
5543	On the street, the former Governor of California could be seen filling the pothole with tarmac and smoothing the road with a few helpers who had set out cones and lights to warn other drivers.
5544	On the trade front, Modi’s ‘Make in India’ clashed with Trump’s ‘America First’ resulting in a mini-trade-war.
5545	On this occasion, my special congratulations to all the young friends of the state who voted for the first time."
5546	On this track – a single from the band’s second album No Need to Rest – Burnett ascends high above a synth buzz and a stampede of percussion, eulogising the sort of night with a lover that’s destined to become mythology.
5547	On Thursday, Gagan Thapa, General Secretary of Nepali Congress, the largest party in Parliament, said that the country should also official publish the ‘Greater Nepal’ map.
5548	On Thursday, the U.S. government announced plans to start operating evacuation flights from Israel to Europe, starting as early as Friday.
5549	On top of that had he won, he would have practically clinched first place for the India 2 team.
5550	On Tuesday, December 26, 2023, police charged Rohit Sharma, 31, of Brampton with dangerous operation causing death.
5551	On Tuesday, March 7th, Andrew Abercrombie acquired 253,201 shares of Humm Group stock.
5552	On Wednesday, July 26th, Katharina Beumelburg sold 1,339 shares of Schlumberger stock.
5553	On Wednesday (June 14) the plane will fly across on its journey, with and South Berkshire places to view.
5554	On Wednesday, Rinku Singh scored his maiden half-century for India.
5555	OpenAI and other AI companies, including rival Anthropic, have attracted billions of dollars in investments very rapidly since public and business interest in the technology exploded, particularly this year.
5556	Open the Camera app, select Portrait mode, and choose the front-facing camera.
5557	Opera One features a new Tab Islands feature, which works similarly to tab groups, and comes with a modular design, which will adjust the browser based on the user's activity in the future.
5558	Operating profit rose 22% to CHF 276m, with expenses well under control despite inflation.
5559	Operatives of the Ogun State Police Command have arrested a 30-year-old man, Michael Ogundele for shooting and injuring Tobi Olabisi for having love affair with his younger sister.
5560	Opponents of alphabet ideology fall naturally into the second category, and people quit listening.
5561	Opposition parties have rallied around Mr. Ali and targeted the ruling party on the issue.
5562	Options also include raising wall levels at Square Road and Vulcan Street, said Mr Swales.
5563	Oral hygiene makes so much of life better and more manageable.
5564	Orange cones blocked the entrance of Mazza’s farm Tuesday afternoon.
5565	Oranges are, well, orange, while lemons are not as they are yellow.
5566	Or “Did you hear any particular animals in the music?”
5567	Or do you need more help setting up a VPN and watching the BBC?
5568	Oregon Public Employees Retirement Fund’s holdings in C.H. Robinson Worldwide were worth $1,974,000 as of its most recent SEC filing.
5569	Oregon voters approved Measure 113 last November.
5570	Organizers held a prayer vigil and walk in Vasquez Lasso's honor over the weekend.
5571	Or have full confirmation surgery in order to be deemed legitimate by her?
5572	Or if they do, it may be a year or a year and a half down the road.”
5573	Original features of the buildings were also restored, and the four unconnected buildings were tied in together to create a stunning home.
5574	Originally, details from the incident were kept private and remained unreported until the British tabloid the Daily Mail successfully challenged blanket restrictions this week.
5575	O’Riley floated a delivery into the opposition penalty box, Daizen Maeda rose and nodded it down and Abada stole in at the back post and netted.
5576	Or “I will attend my next date garbed in a dragon-mask and see if things go better”?
5577	Orlando Pirates assistant coach Mandla Ncikazi says it is all about getting three points at this stage of the season ahead of their clash with Chippa United at the Nelson Bay Stadium on Saturday.
5578	Or maybe you could just talk about what happened there?
5579	Or was it kind of just too much to add in?
5580	Or we start taking pieces off of you while we sing.
5581	Or where you first made your mark.
5582	Or would you need to go through another innovation cycle to prepare for a U.S. market ramp-up?
5583	Or you discover a “friend” ahead in the line, and sustain that bonding until we get our tickets.
5584	Osteoarthritis is caused by the deterioration of cartilage and other tissues in joints which can cause pain and inflammation.
5585	Osun State Governor, Ademola Adeleke on Friday paid another set of half salary debt owed to civil servants.
5586	Other countries are also coming to grips with ageing and shrinking populations.
5587	Other dignitaries include National Security Adviser, Nuhu Ribadu, Mohammed Indimi, Mele Kyari, Nasir El-Rufai, Abdullahi Ganduje, members of the National Assembly, and traditional rulers from within and outside Borno, led by the Shehu of Borno.
5588	Other films suggested to the fan as she searched the site included Harry and Meghan's bombshell documentary series.
5589	Other foreign countries have said they are preparing for the potential evacuation of thousands more of their nationals, with South Korea and Japan deploying forces to nearby countries, and the European Union weighing a similar move.
5590	Other locals were less forthcoming.
5591	Other man-made elements will be added, too.
5592	Other smaller NBA communities also saw more conversations.
5593	Others mentioned the cost of living and the minimum wage: "A full-time job should provide an individual with a high enough source of income to both survive on and save on.
5594	Others suggested he lied about how much he knew about the impact of gas extraction at the time.
5595	Others thought he should head to a team like the Miami Dolphins, which seems to have every puzzle piece except a superstar quarterback.
5596	Others were represented by a company called Municipal Solutions, which employed a colourful character called Phoenix Kiss, further adding to the odour around the decisions.
5597	“Other than a few spurts in the second period, maybe about six minutes in the second, we couldn’t sustain much.
5598	Other winners in different sectors of the Nigerian and West African economy attended the awards presentation.
5599	“Otherwise, moderate to breezy trade winds will prevail, bringing limited showers to windward areas during nights and mornings.”
5600	“Our agenda is people-oriented development.
5601	"Our Autumn plantings have gone really well thanks to support from community groups.
5602	Our bodies work because they were built to move.
5603	"Our casting directors did an unbelievable job finding the perfect cast," Neustader affirmed.
5604	Our coach works so hard and puts in so much time and dedication into us.
5605	Our constant currency ARR results show how currency movements mask even stronger underlying growth.
5606	Our duty as the Loquitur’s Editorial Boardncourage decisions, influence change and shape public opinion This year, Cabrini has been through monumental changes, and the Loquitur covered them all.
5607	Our extremities often suffer the most when temperatures drop because the body prioritises keeping our core and vital organs warm.
5608	“Our family, alongside the community who have supported us over the past year, have been consistent in our call for accountability.
5609	Our first fully reimbursed commercial shipments of Joenja occurred within two weeks of FDA approval, which is very quick and certainly unusual.
5610	"Our forces successfully shot down a SAF MiG jet fighter," it said, reiterating however that it remained "committed to the humanitarian truce".
5611	Our FOX-XP wafer level system can test and burn-in up to 18 wafers at a time and enables contact to 100% of the die in a single touchdown up to several thousand die per wafer, with 100% confidence of test burn-in of each device.
5612	Our goal is to empower traders with the knowledge and skills needed to make informed financial decisions and achieve their goals,’ said Ahmad Faizal, Head of Education at OctaFX.
5613	Our January Saint number two is Saint Vincent whose special day is Sunday, Jan.
5614	“Our message is 'would you like a Welsh cake?'
5615	Our midterm leverage target is approximately two times.
5616	“Our mission is to provide impact investment in Africa…we are building on this cooperation,” he said.
5617	Our national psyche has become geared toward conflict thanks to cable news shows that offer nothing but that.
5618	Our net income for the quarter declined 34% to 40 million, and we earned $1.68 per diluted share.
5619	"Our nosy Nellies recoiled, and 'Um, oh, um, hmmm…'.
5620	Our Performance Hall has great acoustics, great seating, and great views wherever you sit,” said Jake Hodgkin, production manager at the Franco Center.
5621	Our productivity there is extraordinarily high," Bitter said.
5622	Our product liability attorneys believe a successful hair relaxer settlement will likely be in the $400,000 to $750,000 average range.
5623	Our programs reflect the needs of the community in their quest to learn new skills, attitudes, and behaviors which can enrich and enhance their lives.
5624	"Our relationship's definitely developed as Joel and Ellie's relationship has," says Ramsey.
5625	'Our research shows that eating resistant starch leads to positive changes in the bowel and could protect against the genetic damage that precedes bowel cancer,' an article on its website read.
5626	“Our response has been that we’re not really a ‘sport’ in terms of the impact on the fields.
5627	Our second date was the next day, the third date was the day after that, the fourth date was the day after that and our fifth date was the day after that.
5628	Ours is a citizens’ movement that draws on the glorious history of the liberation struggle and those that came before us-our forebears.
5629	"Our state is heavily dependent on federal spending in a multitude of ways, more so than many others.
5630	Our statement Go Leggings delivered positive early results with strong sales in NIKE Live and NIKE Rise Doors where we've been able to create a unique retail experience for her.
5631	Our study of market events and our own investment experience lead us to conclude that the greatest potential risk for value destruction in asset allocation is through acquisitions.
5632	“Our team is still on the ground investigating as we seek to provide clarity regarding how the fire started and all other necessary information.”
5633	“Our thanks go to those people who provided us with information and CCTV about the incident.
5634	Our top customers have been with us for 16 years on average.
5635	Our trail is not officially live until all our hares have been installed BUT you can now plan your adventure by downloading our map here ðŸ‘‰ https://t.
5636	"Our veteran Andrew Cooper addressed the haggis in fine style.
5637	Our work is one of the only prospective studies to analyse imbalances in cirrhosis mortality from a global perspective,” said Bajaj, the lead author of the study.
5638	Our Yorkshire Farm's Raven Owen was back at Ravenseat Farm, in North Yorkshire, this weekend and it seems there was one member of the family in particular she had missed the most.
5639	Outside of casually listening to The Chicks, Shania Twain and Willie Nelson, Poole told The Herald he didn’t explore country music until later in life.
5640	Outside of the Wheel, she serves as Public Relations Chair of Liberation Through Education at Emory, and is on the Outreach Committee for Emory's Atlanta Pediatric Cancer Outreach Club.
5641	Outside pageantry, Dianne is a loving daughter and supportive sister to her siblings.
5642	Over 100 businesses and key partners gathered at The Alnwick Garden for the launch of a support service for Northumberland's rural businesses.
5643	Over 100 people showed up for a gathering on the University of Winnipeg campus Friday to oppose a lecture by a professor they worried would perpetuate transphobic views.
5644	Over 20 bagfuls of rubbish were collected in an hour-and-a-half.
5645	Overall, understanding how to reset Siri's voice recognition is an essential skill for anyone who uses their virtual assistant frequently in order to get the most out of their device!
5646	Overall, Utah’s rate of homelessness remains below the national average, with approximately 11 individuals experiencing homelessness per 10,000 people, compared to the national rate of 18 per 10,000 people.
5647	“Over and above the grief which comes with death, often this anguished question is asked.
5648	Overarching it’s the Northern Territory Government’s responsibility.
5649	Over half a million pounds is to be invested in bringing three properties in the heart of a Herefordshire town up to scratch.
5650	Overlook by Tri Pointe Homes has has four quick move-in homes from 3,064 square feet to 3,254 square feet, priced from $1.349 million.
5651	“Over that time we have become one of the leading horticultural businesses in Europe, specialising in trees and proudly holding two royal warrants.
5652	Over-the-counter hearing aids are becoming more and more popular due to their affordability factor and the ease of getting them.
5653	Over the Easter break, all sites will be open on Saturday (April 8) and Easter Sunday (April 9).
5654	Over the first four months of the city’s fiscal year, which began on July 1, shootings are down 16% and gun arrests are up 140%, the report said.
5655	“Over the last number of years our consciousness around wellbeing has skyrocketed.
5656	Over the last three years, we've made significant investments in expanding our direct commercial infrastructure to ensure we've built a seasoned salesforce to support growing surgeon demand.
5657	Over the past four months, 35 mobile clinics have provided services in communities across the province where there is an identified need, assisting approximately 3,500 Nova Scotians.
5658	Over the past three years the building committee, comprised of community members, school board members and educators have spent countless hours researching, developing, and evaluating options to solve the school building problem.
5659	Over the weekend, a steady drumbeat of statements followed from other Democratic officials in New Jersey, saying he should step down.
5660	Over the years, she has been keeping tabs on Dickie, and the reason she wanted to join the production was to finally get close to him.
5661	Over the years, the Italian midfielder has helped his side clinch nine Ligue 1 titles and was also a part of the side that finished as runners up in the UEFA Champions League in 2019-20.
5662	Owner Cristiano Rodrigues came to the states from Belo Horizonte, Brazil.
5663	Owonikoko also raised the issue and cited a publication by The Tribune on Feb. 23 that election results would no longer be transmitted in real-time.
5664	Oxford Instruments plc has a twelve month low of GBX 1,686 ($21.55) and a twelve month high of GBX 2,884.80 ($36.87).
5665	Ozempic was never and will never be an option for me.”
5666	Pacer Advisors Inc. bought a new stake in United Natural Foods during the second quarter valued at $41,311,000.
5667	"Pacing yourself is important.
5668	Packaged with my permed hair and black suede stiletto heels, I would have felt fabulous.
5669	Packard and Smith handed reporters a printout of a 1990 House Journal entry detailing a resolution regarding a state representative from Portsmouth who also faced questions regarding her domicile while in office.
5670	Paddy Cosgrave, a co-founder of the European tech conference Web Summit which brings together thousands of leading tech startups and firms in Lisbon, Portugal, resigned on Saturday after receiving blowback from sponsors and attendees.
5671	Padomju Savienībā par to nerunāja, pret to savulaik vērsās arī baznīca, un tas ir atstājis sekas, bet masturbēt ir normāli, to uzsver visi aptaujātie speciālisti.
5672	Paintings must have tag information attached to the back.
5673	Pakistan found themselves in a state of bother as they lost two more wickets in quick succession.
5674	Pakistan had anticipated that the Taliban would take concrete action against the Tehreek-e-Taliban-e-Pakistan (TTP) or at least prevent the group from launching attacks on Pakistani soil.
5675	Palestinian Red Crescent spokesman Mahmoud Basal told Al-Jazeera that there were more than 300 “martyrs” in Gaza City’s Shujaia neighbourhood and that homes were flattened.
5676	Palestinian sources reported that 5 Palestinians were injured during the skirmishes.
5677	Pallett was arrested two days after the killing and declined to answer questions in police interview.
5678	Panda conservation is driven by the iconic status of pandas both in China and abroad.
5679	Panda London’s complete bedding set was the most expensive we tested, but it is worth it if you run hot while you sleep.
5680	PAPAIKOU, Hawaiʻi - The speed limit is being lowered to provide a smooth transition before entering the Prince Jonah Kūhiō Kalaniana‘ole Elementary and Intermediate School area.
5681	Papakaliatis has recently stated: ”I hold Maestro very close to my heart and I feel deeply honored and happy that this story will travel around the world through Netflix.
5682	Paper tram tickets to end - If you have any old paper Lignes d'Azur bus and tram tickets, you have until the end of this month to use them up before they become obsolete.
5683	Parade steps off from 103rd Street and Western Avenue, marching south to 115th Street and Western Avenue.
5684	Parent also said he avoids casting ballots on issues that affect people who work for him at the nonprofit.
5685	Parents must introspect why teenagers hang out on beaches at night:.
5686	Parents rights advocates often use this ruling to justify district policies that require parents to be notified if their children opt to go by pronouns other than those associated with the sex assigned to them at birth.
5687	Paris Hilton stunned in a plunging pink dress while on a Barbie-like getaway.
5688	Park goes for the choke, Choi sags to hand fight, Park attacks again with a different grip and Choi can’t get out this time and has to tap.
5689	Parkside Financial Bank & Trust boosted its position in shares of CMS Energy by 63.9% in the third quarter.
5690	Parrott genuinely loved these historic sites, said Benjamin Pykles, the Church’s Historic Sites Division director.
5691	Participants can take home the book they make and supplies will be provided as long as they last; 1:30-3:30 p.m. Saturday; Boulder Public Library, 1001 Arapahoe Ave., Boulder; calendar.
5692	Participants rated their sleep from one hour to 12.
5693	Participants will learn about the U.S. 287 corridor’s history and current conditions and have the opportunity to provide feedback on safety and mobility concerns for the project team.
5694	Participate in fun activities like bingo, enjoy live music, and enter to win prizes, including a grand prize giveaway from Cell Phone Medics.
5695	Participating in all aspects of life in Chicago can provide perspective for the students involved.
5696	Partly this is because the most publicly visible of these companies, Bird, which pointedly but is traded on the NYSE, has totally run out of charge.
5697	Part of that is a life stage issue — most of my friends are married and have small kids.
5698	Passengers can wear them on board to feel as comfortable as possible during their flight.
5699	Past record temperatures were "air temperature".
5700	Patel was hired to write for the Oscars in 2016, and by 2017, he began writing for NBC’s Saturday Night Live, which he described as the “Harvard of comedy programs.”
5701	Paterson has started the season like a house on fire and deserves to be handed the starting role there.
5702	Pathaan is on a record-breaking run at the domestic and overseas box office as it collected 591 crore gross worldwide in just 6 days!
5703	Patricia DeVito is survived by her husband of 68 years, Michael DeVito; sister, Mildred Cataldo; son, Mark DeVito, and daughter, Lisa DeVito; daughter-in-law, Heidi Bartsch; and grandchildren, Wylder and Aidan DeVito.
5704	Patricia McGurk-Daniel, a 24-year veteran of the U.S. Border Patrol, sat down with reporters on Friday morning to talk about her plans after she was tapped to move from the Yuma Sector to the San Diego Sector to take over for retired Chief Aaron Heitke.
5705	Patzert developed a of being “as right as rain” on El Niño- and La Niña-influenced weather patterns, but he was among those who on a wet winter in California in 2015–16.
5706	Paul Clough, who worked at the interchange as a bus station attendant, said he knew something major was happening when he arrived at work and found police searching for evidence.
5707	Pauline Perkins, who lives in Salter’s Lane in the town centre said: “It’s about time.
5708	Paul Ingram, a non-executive director, has led several mining companies since 2003.
5709	Paul Simon and Art Garfunkel reunite for a free concert in New York's Central Park, following often fractious rehearsals.
5710	Paul wanted to propose on my 19th birthday towards the end of 2008 – just seven months after we started dating – but the ring he ordered didn’t arrive in time.
5711	Paycom further projected revenue guidance for the third quarter of 2023 between $410 million to $412 million, below market expectations.
5712	Pay has also continued to be a big barrier in the industry and between jurisdictions.
5713	Payments have been made monthly since October, with the last being paid in March.
5714	Payton has heavily emphasized working on areas the Broncos struggled with last season, especially third down and red zone situations.
5715	PC Choudhury from the Vehicle Crime Taskforce, said: “McDonough was brazen in his offending, he really thought he would continue to get away with stealing other people’s cars and profiting from it.
5716	PDF Report : Arcus Biosciences, Inc.
5717	Pena lost that race by a significant margin, garnering 2,033 votes to Garcia’s 5,679.
5718	Pending permitting approvals, the facility will be located within a nearly 800-acre parcel.
5719	Pensioner Thomas Bash was the oldest of the gang to be jailed.
5720	Pentoxifylline (PTX) is a known drug, administered orally, for the treatment of intermittent claudication (intermittent blockage of blood flow to muscles causing cramps).
5721	People and organizations that oppose racial equity piled on.
5722	People argue that while reforms are necessary over time, they should be implemented gradually, without impacting the career prospects of many young people.
5723	People can download the Brow Magic app and scan their face with it, choosing a desired shape and thickness of the brow they want to create.
5724	People cannot access healthcare, by the time the doctor gets alert, the person is dead.”
5725	“People don’t understand that it’s lifelong and chronic and affects my life every single day.”
5726	People forget that.
5727	People have been saying goodbye to a mighty oak tree at the Lincoln Park Zoo.
5728	People in a land economy produce a lot of what they consume on the spot.
5729	PEOPLE in Wales living with or supporting people with autism and other neurodivergent conditions can now access 24-hour support and advice.
5730	People just don't see what ChatGPT outputs as particularly brilliant.
5731	“People kept coming up to me and saying how much they enjoyed it, which made me pretty happy,” Schaffer said.
5732	'People need to get back to doing those things that are important to us and being with others."
5733	“People pay one, two hundred thousand dollars for the right shot.
5734	People really want a fresh face.
5735	“People send their representatives to Parliament and only they have the right to vote them out,” he said.
5736	People tell me that they’re pleased to see a government that is just getting on with the job, doing what we promised and they’re impressed that the prime minister is just sticking with what he said he’d do.
5737	People who know that adversity and aspersions are simply a part of life — and that your story is about overcoming them, not letting them overcome you.
5738	People with Aids have very low counts of certain white blood cells and severely damaged immune systems.
5739	Perfect example tonight; we walk a guy and he ends up scoring.
5740	Performance can be improved by reducing memory usage.
5741	Performers from Opera Holland Park give a free 40-minute recital on the steps in the park, open to anyone who's passing by.
5742	Perhaps for a couple of people, but no-one else!
5743	Perhaps predicting the future isn’t my strongest suit.
5744	Perhaps the time has come to invest in our school principals who lead South African public schools, who are tasked with shaping our country’s future leaders, as we do in business leadership.
5745	Perhaps they’re feeling optimistic that Nikola can extend its foothold in the European EV market.
5746	Perhaps what you're seeing is some of that return to the Tier 1 brands and the preference by dealers for those brands.
5747	Perhaps you break into a computer system in order to steal that money,” said Metz.
5748	Perigon Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,400 shares of the financial services provider’s stock worth $262,000 after purchasing an additional 118 shares in the last quarter.
5749	Pershore College, in Avonbank, is set to host weddings in its grounds for the first time after signing a new deal.
5750	Personal CFO Solutions LLC now owns 7,863 shares of the software company’s stock valued at $1,637,000 after acquiring an additional 53 shares during the period.
5751	Personally, I do not find anything overly attractive in the state that MREO is right now, so I will wait for sunnier days.
5752	Pesci maintained the adversarial relationship between them during the production of the film’s Home Alone 2: Lost in New York in order to ensure that Kevin and Harry still felt like enemies.
5753	Peter Davies, development director at St Modwen Logistics, said: “We were naturally delighted when both OBEX and Nemesis asked us to support them again with their expansions.
5754	Peter said the Dow does not deserve this high price.
5755	Peter Tuchman discusses the state of the market and how stocks are volatile amid tensions in Congress on ‘Your World.'
5756	Pete says he can't wait to get on stage in Greenock alongside singer Gina Lillycrop Lawson.
5757	Petrol prices fall to lowest level ‘in the run up.
5758	Petronas Second Place Junior Project ($100, Keeper Trophy)Grade 7, Freedom Thinkers.
5759	Pettisville closed the Crestview lead to 14-10 after Olivia Miller’s basket, but Crestview closed out the quarter by scoring eight straight points.
5760	Peyman Kia reportedly has worked for the armed forces' foreign defense intelligence agency, known in Sweden by its acronym MUST, and worked with a top secret unit within the agency that dealt with Swedish spies abroad, according to Swedish media.
5761	Peyton and Eli react to Aaron Rodgers' apparent injury.
5762	“Phase out fossil fuels; that is the solution to the climate crisis,” he said.
5763	Phil Campbell, ScotRail's head of customer operations, said: "Everyone across Scotland’s railway works tirelessly to deliver a safe, reliable, and robust service for our customers.
5764	Philippe Martinez, the other co-author of the study with the CNRS, said that if this practice was shown to be commonplace, it would bring pharaonic art closer to our "modern aesthetic standards, nourished by Greco-Roman art."
5765	Phillip Schofield’s young lover ‘became fed up of lying about relationship’
5766	PHOENIX — A suspect in a fatal shooting in Phoenix over a month ago was arrested last week, authorities said.
5767	PHOENIX — Brian Daboll was named the NFL’s Associated Press Coach of the Year on Thursday night for guiding the Giants to their first playoff berth since 2016 in his rookie year.
5768	Photo captured by Alejandro Mejia Mejia.
5769	Photos seen by showed a large emergency service response in the area overnight with the fire service, ambulances, and police in attendance.
5770	Piccolo is a fearless and courageous hero, but he’s not without his faults and there are certain skills that it looks like he may never gain.
5771	Pictet Asset Management SA increased its position in shares of Cintas by 17.5% during the third quarter.
5772	Pictet Asset Management SA now owns 145,405 shares of the company’s stock worth $4,676,000 after buying an additional 2,821 shares during the period.
5773	Pictured from left to right: Thomas Pollet, Jamie Callahan and Clare Cook.
5774	Pictures from the scene showed the balloon and its basket unrecognisable as it pancaked on the ground into a pile of ash.
5775	PILOT stands for Payment in Lieu of Taxes.
5776	Pining for the flavours of Greece?
5777	Piper Sandler boosted their price objective on Juniper Networks from $31.00 to $32.00 in a research report on Tuesday, January 17th.
5778	Piper Sandler decreased their price target on shares of Alphabet from $122.00 to $120.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a research report on Friday.
5779	Piper Sandler raised their price objective on shares of Northern Oil and Gas from $51.00 to $59.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 18th.
5780	Piper Sandler reduced their target price on shares of Chevron from $206.00 to $199.00 and set an “overweight” rating for the company in a report on Monday, December 19th.
5781	Pip has one child, a 17-year-old son called Justice Maximus, who she shares with her Ksubi fashion designer ex, Dan Single.
5782	Pitt spokesperson Nick France said the University offered Hadlock a job as the Terrence Laughlin Chair in Finance before the MSU investigation started, and was unaware of the allegations against him.
5783	Place a bet on your desired range and receive fixed winnings if the round ends within your chosen range.
5784	Place all the ingredients in a spritz glass with ice.
5785	• Place butter and oil in a large microwavable bowl; microwave on Medium (50% power) until butter melts and mixture is warm, about 2 minutes.
5786	Plans have been submitted to tear down a huge waterfront shopping centre following its closure.
5787	Plans include opening food, distribution operations and daycare — but they are contingent on community volunteers.
5788	Players are able to progress the main story as they'd like or set it aside to focus on side content if they'd rather do that instead.
5789	Players can intimidate an NPC at or below their level to flee for a short time.
5790	Players choose their favorite character and race on whimsical tracks while collecting power-ups, such as banana peels and shells, to impede their opponents.
5791	Players must complete this Star Wars Jedi: Survivor rumor, as they will be able to find a chest containing a Healing Stim for BD-1.
5792	Players should try to create some distance - octagon corner to octagon corner - so that Pettis has room to with his inside leg and arm next to the cage.
5793	'Players want to know where the game's heading' Video, 00:01:38'Players want to know where the game's heading'
5794	Players were chipping in with their own money for things.
5795	“Please accept, Excellency, the assurances of my highest consideration.”
5796	Please folks it's over 100 degrees you MUST be wearing deodorant.
5797	Please make no mistake, we have an abundance of things to be thankful for, but in many ways, we are slowly losing what made us the coveted nation where dreams come true.
5798	Please read on to find out more about her.
5799	Please safeguard this tree for the benefit of our family, including two children who've grown up with it.
5800	Plot lines get dropped as fast as they’re introduced, and many events go unexplained.
5801	Plus, most humanities majors are housed here, and there isn’t anything more terrifying than a 20-something obtaining a degree in gender, sexuality and women’s studies, so it’s safe to say that Cathy is off-limits.
5802	Plus, some of their Vegas performances were … spotty, to put it politely.
5803	Plus, when would I get the time?
5804	Pluto, the planet of transformation, steps into your 10th House of Career after a wait of over two hundred years.
5805	PNM’s Supervisors and Managers assess each employee, and if some are able, they may choose to work as much as 22 hours before being relieved to go home to rest.”
5806	Pockets of Pliers: A Preferred Practice When I first got on the job, I had the privilege of working for a Lieutenant who was the epitome of a fireman’s fireman.
5807	Point72 Hong Kong Ltd purchased a new stake in shares of Thryv in the first quarter valued at $72,000.
5808	Pointing out that the sum is an “investment in the community”, he further stated that, “how it is utilised is going to determine the level of benefits the community gets”.
5809	“Poker Face” (Peacock): Invoking memories of “Columbo” but with a 21st century sensibility, Natasha Lyonne plays a woman on the run who also has an uncanny ability to clock when people are lying.
5810	“Poker, Politics & Presidents” is the result.
5811	Police are investigating after more than 30 bodies, some decomposing, were found inside a southern Indiana funeral home.
5812	Police are investigating details, but I'd like to apologise for worrying many people and causing them trouble," he said.
5813	Police are investigating the events leading up to a horror crash in Cardiff that left three people dead – as it emerged the five revellers may have driven 85 miles in the hours before the tragedy.
5814	Police ask that anyone with information call 101 and quote 23MIS021236.
5815	Police began to investigate following a report of a stabbing in the 200 block of Graham Avenue on Friday.
5816	Police Colonel Ireneo Dalogdog, chief of the Cebu City Police Office, said that the van was part of the convoy of President Ferdinand Marcos Jr, who was in Cebu City for the groundbreaking of the Cebu Bus Rapid Transit (CBRT).
5817	Police have further also apprehended a 12-year-old juvenile who is also one of the suspects.
5818	Police have not yet said what they believe led to the shooting, but neighbors at the scene said they believe the men got into an argument over loud noise.
5819	Police have released an artist’s sketch of a man in “distinctive” sunglasses wanted for questioning over a sex attack.
5820	Police hope to trace the man as part of their investigations following reports that a woman was threatened with a knife and two taxi drivers were victims of attempted knife robberies, in North Tyneside.
5821	Police minister Bheki Cele has confirmed that Deputy President Paul Mashatile was part of the convoy when members of his VIP protection allegedly assaulted motorists in Gauteng last month.
5822	Police officers submitted 246 use-of-force reports in 2022, down from 299 the previous year, according to a report that will be presented at the police board meeting Thursday.
5823	Police personnel are currently at the scene combing for evidence and are also trying to ascertain if they were shot or stabbed.
5824	Police said it was dangerous and people were prohibited from staying there.
5825	Police said on Twitter on Tuesday: "Following an incident last night in the Johnson Court area of Helensburgh, enquiries have confirmed that no hazardous material or harmful substance was found, and there is no danger to local residents or the community."
5826	Police said that the assailants attacked the victim on head and neck with a sharp weapon.
5827	Police said the second incident occurred south of the Van Nest section of The Bronx in the 43rd Precinct.
5828	Police said T’yonna Major, 9, was shot in her nearby home along with her mother shortly after that and died in the hospital while her mother was seriously wounded.
5829	Police say a 77-year-old female pedestrian suffered life-threatening injuries and remains in hospital in critical condition.
5830	“Police were allowed entry by the accused.
5831	“Policymakers should bear in mind that the implementation of very conservative workplace regulations can have serious consequences, such as termination of employment with a positive drug test,” the study says.
5832	Policy options for investing in nature resulted in annual gains of $100–350 billion (2014 USD), with the largest percentage increases in GDP occurring in low-income countries.
5833	Political action committees funded by Govern for California and its affiliated chapters and the American Beverage Assn. spent millions of dollars in the 2022 election on Assembly candidates, many of whom supported Rivas.
5834	Political analyst Ernest Thindwa agreed with Kabisala that Malawi does not have adequate resources to attain the UN ratio.
5835	“Political Sharia” became a convenient distraction for political leaders who deflected accountability after collecting billions of naira from Abuja that they squandered on themselves.
5836	Politics is tough, but there’s evidence women face far more abuse, and it can be unpleasant and scary.
5837	Polyacrylate elastomers are polymer networks made from strands of acrylate held together by linking molecules.
5838	Poor and disoriented, she commuted to Queens College to study English and threw herself into the cheap comforts of American fast food.
5839	Poor conflict resolution skills.
5840	Pope Francis comes to Africa as part of the synodal consultation.
5841	Pope Francis met this week with Russia’s outgoing ambassador to the Vatican, Alexander Avdeyev, and the Italian newspaper Il Messaggero reported that the Vatican may have given the envoy a letter for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
5842	Popular music streaming app is making its iconic “” better for its users.
5843	Popular response had the museum work out a long-term loan of the sculpture from Richards’ estate.
5844	Port Authority spokeswoman Renee Larouche said in an email that the protest delayed the arrival of trucks, causing minor slowdowns, but that by 1 p.m. local time, everything had returned to normal.
5845	Portelli’s poetry offers a companionship that assists us, the reader, in a self-exploration of our once-own-forgotten dreams, aspirations and fears.
5846	Portland hasn’t been elite as a road dog (11-12 ATS), but the team has the offense with Lillard to at least hang around in this game.
5847	Positive Right vs. Negative Right: Philosophers sometimes distinguish between positive rights and negative rights.
5848	Possibly, it’s because traders are excited about the upcoming halving event for Litecoin, which is slated to happen in August.
5849	Postcoglou looks like a kid who definitely did not get what he wanted for Christmas as Sarr is taken off.
5850	Posted November 13, 2023 4:48 pm.
5851	“Potholes, broken surfaces, and worn-out carpetings are affecting traffic movement and also sometimes increasing the chances of accidents.
5852	POWADA makes it easier for complainants to prove age discrimination, and POJA prohibits employers from limiting, segregating, or classifying job applicants based on an applicant's age.
5853	Pravasi Bharatiya Divas 2023 Indore: India recognised as medical tourism destination worldwide, says.
5854	Prayerfully, we can keep moving forward.”
5855	Precipitation was predicted last week on several different days.
5856	“Precise methods have been developed, often involving placing animals in respiration chambers, but they are expensive, labor-intensive, and difficult to apply to grazing animals.
5857	Predator: What Do We Know About Yautja Culture?
5858	Predicting problems at airports during the strike period, Iberia has appealed to all passengers to check-in in advance via its the website and to arrive at airports earlier than normal.
5859	Pres. Biden has offered US help in finding the remains of Vietnamese killed in action, an important gesture in the road to reconciliation.
5860	Preschool Story Hour with Candice will meet Feb. 7, followed by a break week.
5861	Presenters Craig Doyle and Rochelle Humes began the show by paying tribute to their "friend" and former colleague.
5862	President Arif Alvi sent back the piece of legislation, in terms of clause (1)(b) of the Article 75 of the Constitution, President Secretariat Press Wing said in a press release issued on Sunday.
5863	President Cyril Ramaphosa on Monday evening announced his much-awaited cabinet reshuffle.
5864	President Joe Biden and top lawmakers failed to break a deadlock over raising the $31.4 trillion U.S. debt limit, but vowed to meet again before June, when the Treasury projects it will start struggling to meet its obligations.
5865	President Joe Biden will give his second State of the Union address at 9 p.m. Tuesday night.
5866	President Mahmoud Abbas said in a statement that it “testifies to the authenticity and history of the Palestinian people,” adding that “the state of Palestine is committed to preserving this unique site for the benefit of mankind.”
5867	President Sam Anastasiou said they couldn’t have asked for much more this season.
5868	Pressure and threats are increasing in our countries, and now Costa Rica is experiencing them with severity,” she added.
5869	Previously, any Soldier who wanted to reclassify as a Stryker mechanic had to attend a 17-week AIT.
5870	Previously, Glenallachie mainly produced whisky for blends.
5871	Previously, he was the Director of Research and Market Intelligence for VTC since early 2021.
5872	Previously, the only way to slash production costs was to move production to low-cost manufacturing locales like Mexico and China.
5873	Priced at $375, it was from the Padres game played Sept. 9, 2019.
5874	Price has already booked his place in the play-offs, which will be played at London’s London’s O2 Arena on May 25. He will be joined the already-qualified Smith and Michael Van Gerwen and Michael Smith, as well as one of Clayton or Aspinall.
5875	Price hit a second-rope flying kneedrop, then he hit a dive to the floor on Hollister.
5876	Prices are high here because it is an excellent place to live with limited new supply and INTERNATIONAL demand, a la Santa Barbara.
5877	Prices are not coming down as long as this continues.
5878	Prices in the grocery store soared in 2022.
5879	Prices start at $5.99 CAD for the Standard with Ads plan and go up to $16.49 for the Standard without Ads plan.
5880	Prices start from £1,249 for the 256GB model and rise to over £1,500 if you need the full 1TB of storage.
5881	Prime Minister Anthony Albanese says more military aid is on the way after meeting Ukrainian President Volodomyr Zelenskiy at a NATO summit in Lithuania.
5882	Prime Minister Rishi Sunak, to laughter, replied: “I thank the honourable gentleman for the question.
5883	Prime Minister Ulf Kristersson said in January that his government cannot fulfill Turkey’s demands.
5884	Prior to descending, lower your equipment on the opposite side of the tree.
5885	Prior to starting construction, Isaksen said he would like to have two or three of the buildings sold, given the upfront infrastructure costs.
5886	Prior to that, Povinelli held advertising and marketing leadership positions for seven years at Reebok after beginning his career at advertising agencies in the US and London.
5887	Prior to that, they were made by Shain’s of Maine.
5888	Prior to the event later this month, Gavin - a two-time winner of the UK’s Strongest Man competition, told the ECHO how he was preparing and training.
5889	Pritzker’s graduated income tax was voted down in a referendum.
5890	Pritzker signed the legislation late Tuesday night after the Illinois House of Representatives voted on revisions passed by the state Senate.
5891	Private Advisor Group LLC now owns 383,690 shares of the information services provider’s stock worth $11,147,750,000 after purchasing an additional 14,567 shares in the last quarter.
5892	Prizes will be awarded for the top three overall participants, along with awards for each age group with the most steps.
5893	Probably not a real good look for you trade demand that you’re posting a pic excited with OBJ being a Raven.
5894	Probably one that’s a lot more practical than a truck made of stainless steel, like this 6.8-inch wireless display that brings features like CarPlay and Android Auto, a backup camera, and hands-free controls to almost any car model.
5895	Probably the most instantly recognisable member of the cast is Jeff Rawle, who played Globelink's ineffectual editor George Dent.
5896	Problem child: Boyega (center) in ‘Attack the Block’
5897	Proceeds from the garden tour fund future Master Gardener projects and help promote the Master Gardeners’ mission to enhance the quality of knowledge for gardeners in the community.
5898	Prof Beetson hit back at the ‘no’ campaigner, saying any gap that existed needed to be closed.
5899	Professor Mortimer added that there was still 'a lot of nostalgia' associated with the brand, and they did well in the pandemic by launching a vintage range that people in their late forties and early fifties could resonate with.
5900	Professor shares eight Covid Pirola variant symptoms that 'might be more severe'
5901	Professor Theodore Saloutos was scheduled to give the keynote paper but his failing health prevented him from attending.
5902	Programming was limited amid the row over presenter Gary Lineker, who was taken off air after tweeting about UK government migration policy.
5903	Progress has been warning customers for weeks about security flaws discovered in the software.
5904	Prohaska is a 1987 graduate of Belleville High School and son of Ed and Jennie Prohaska of Sumpter Township.
5905	Project Highland will need to include sufficient visual changes to signal the differences “under the hood”, rekindling interest.
5906	Promising they had time for one more, the band announced they were taking their next year and closed the almighty show with Rule The World.
5907	“Proper supervision of HMOs is paramount and the employment of more capable hands (qualified personnel) into the scheme,” she added.
5908	Property price falls in Sydney eased slightly to 1.2 per cent in January, pushing the median value below $1 million for the first time since the COVID-19 housing boom back in March 2021.
5909	Proposals for the sustainable travel zone (STZ) would see drivers paying a road user charge, which has become known as a congestion charge, for driving within a certain area.
5910	Props on your ingenuity, heroes — that's what I call working smarter, not harder.
5911	Prosecutors allegedly filed transcript in which Tate calls a woman his 'slave'
5912	Pros: The Bills Bengals game is not replayed, they each end on a 16 game season.
5913	Protection against physical attacks: IDPs require safeguarding from physical harm.
5914	Providence Capital Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in shares of iShares National Muni Bond ETF in the fourth quarter worth $25,000.
5915	Proving her credentials, she was even in the know on the much-hyped Elizabeth line.
5916	PS Boyd caught hold of Noonan as he tried to jump through a window into another building and tackled him to the ground.
5917	Ps – It will happen!
5918	P.S. – Monthly gifts are a great way to make a big impact.
5919	PSU President Comments on Ombudsman Win…
5920	Psychologists say it's this curious effect - coupled with the acute emotion - that keeps a recently-ended romance in the forefront of your mind.
5921	Public behavior in cleaning our recyclables and putting in only what is on the town website lists is essential.
5922	Public Relations Officer – Lenard Spider Montoute former Parliamentary Representative of Gros Islet Constituency 2006 to 2011 and 2016 to 2021.
5923	Publicus said it was a “non-commissioned survey.”
5924	Puffing Billy Railway is encouraging young minds outside the classroom through the unique history of a century-old heritage steam railway by creating new tracks for student’s learning journeys in engineering and technology.
5925	Pulses include legumes, or beans, lentils and peas.
5926	Purdy also became the first 49ers QB to post a passer rating of 140.0 or higher in consecutive games since QB Alex Smith in 2012.
5927	Purist socialists want to equalize wealth all at once rather than do it gradually.
5928	Putin says Russia does not reject talks with Ukrainereuters.
5929	Putin’s power vertical makes Russia not a federation and republic but a pure empire with colonies that two specific features can characterise.
5930	Put it all together, and the retailer’s top and bottom lines will probably tumble sooner rather than later, dragging down GME stock further.
5931	QATAR 2022: What time is the FIFA World Cup closing ceremony?
5932	QIPT is, for the first time, in a position of having to manage debt (outside the relatively small convertible debentures that are now off their books).
5933	Quadrant Capital Group LLC lifted its holdings in Allison Transmission by 34.0% in the third quarter.
5934	Quay Miller scored four straight points to give the Buffaloes some breathing room.
5935	Quaynor said: “Since 2010, the African Development Bank has invested a total of $500 million in Transnet, towards a portion of its capital expenditure program.
5936	Questions have been raised for years regarding the level of care at the institution.
5937	Quick-drying and moisture-wicking fabrics are important to consider when planning for a hiking trip.
5938	Quick, powerful, physical and technical – the traits that John Mousinho has admitted attracted Pompey to Kusini Yengi.
5939	Quinn, who will turn 33 in May, had spent his entire career — 12 seasons, 169 regular-season games and 3,781 defensive snaps — without winning a playoff game.
5940	Quintet Private Bank Europe S.A. acquired a new position in shares of Shopify in the 1st quarter valued at about $33,000.
5941	Rabbits don't hibernate, but like many animals, we don't tend to see them as much during the cold months.
5942	Rachel asked, “What did you do in the Navy?”
5943	Rachel Kelly of Clare in action against Jean Kelly of Tipperary during their All Ireland Junior Final at Croke Park.
5944	Rachel Lindsay is a standout at the Golden Globes.
5945	Radcliffe placed 18th on the list with his worth placed at £92 million, with Watson listed as £60 million through film, drink and her investment firm Hestia Hebe.
5946	‘Rafuchakkar’ follows the story of Prince, a cunning conman with a golden touch who specialises in swindling the rich and corrupt. However, his luck takes a turn when he is captured by Shaurya Chautala (Aksha Pardasany), an ambitious Crime Branch officer.
5947	Rahul further said that just like the BJP’s support to the BRS, the AIMIM also ‘disturbs’ Congress in states that the grand old party is in the contest.
5948	Rahul Gandhi, who is on a six-day visit to the US, while interacting with the Indian diaspora on Tuesday, said, “I think if you sat Modi ji down next to God, he would start explaining to God how the universe works.
5949	Raiders of the Lost ArkIndiana Jones and the Temple of DoomIndiana Jones and the Last Crusade as three of the greatest action movies ever made.
5950	Raids by prosecutors on his party’s headquarters have caused concern in the international community and among Guatemalans.
5951	Rail operator Norfolk Southern advised media that the train — which was traveling from Madison, Illinois, to Conway, Pennsylvania — contained more than 100 cars, with 20 carrying hazardous materials.
5952	Rail services will be reduced on these days and passengers may be hit with last-minute cancellations.
5953	Rain, heavy at times is expected.
5954	Rally organisers Free Palestine Melbourne called for people to join them on the steps of the State Library as they marched to the Victorian parliament in Melbourne on Sunday.
5955	Ramaphosa called the fire devastating and a “wake-up call” for South Africa’s economic hub to address its inner-city housing crisis.
5956	Ramesh Shah, a frequent commuter on the Western line, said that the Virar-bound fast train, which he boarded at 7.30 pm, arrived at Vasai at 9pm; approx.
5957	Rangers captain Jacob Trouba knocked Hischier and Hughes to the ice or into the boards any chance he got.
5958	"Rarely do you have such extreme, blatant statements on video documenting the extent to which this is happening everywhere," AFL's vice president and general counsel, Gene Hamilton, told in a statement.
5959	Rashad Weaver reflected on time in college with Bills safety Damar Hamlin.
5960	Ratcliffe has continued to diversify INEOS, entering the automotive sector to build the INEOS Grenadier, intended to be a successor to the Land Rover Defender.
5961	Rate-sensitive megacap, including Tesla, Nvidia, Meta Platforms and Apple, tumbled, as the yield on U.S. 10-year Treasury notes rose to its highest in nearly nine months.
5962	Rather than a particular faction, Blackshadow is a rogue Cybertronian who only works for money and power as fees.
5963	Rather than feeling like a to-do list of activities, succeeds at making most of its open-world collectibles feel worth pursuing.
5964	Rather than just being a fashion piece, cargo pants were devised to serve as functional features for the men serving in the army.
5965	Rather, the soap causes the bug to suffocate and/or dehydrate and die.
5966	Rav Twerski wonders why we would refer to the as ‘very good.’
5967	Raymond James & Associates now owns 62,727 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $4,066,000 after purchasing an additional 2,765 shares during the last quarter.
5968	Raymond James decreased their target price on shares of Edwards Lifesciences from $85.00 to $83.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th.
5969	Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 1,047 shares of the technology company’s stock worth $466,000 after purchasing an additional 43 shares during the last quarter.
5970	Ray Tierney greets a member of the U.S. Navy.
5971	Razi became a successful doctor and served as chief physician of Baghdad and Ray hospitals.
5972	RCMP say Hodge was walking northbound on the right-hand side shoulder of the highway when he was struck from behind.
5973	Read below as we discuss his roots in Philly, his sound, his name, going viral on TikTok, acting, his love for boxing, and more!
5974	Reading remain bottom whilst Wycombe drop to 13th.
5975	READ MORE: Trustpilot in warning to Wimborne Windows after name changed to 'Womborne Windews'
5976	Reads the study report: “About 30 percent of kabaza motorcycles are owned by operators themselves.
5977	Ready to take the diamond and play nine innings.
5978	Real estate experts who spoke to Global News say patience and price flexibility are key to landing a sale in today’s market, and that waiting until spring in hopes of a better deal is far from a sure thing.
5979	“Real hatred was targeted at MPs, particularly female MPs, simply because of their ethnic minority backgrounds.
5980	Really think about it, and then bring that concern to him.
5981	Real Madrid’s hope of retaining La Liga was dented on Sunday afternoon as the champions fell 1-0 to Real Mallorca.
5982	Realme 11 features a 6.43-inch FHD+ Samsung sAMOLED display with 90Hz refresh rate support and a 180Hz touch sampling rate.
5983	Rebekah brought along her children for the occasion, which she admitted might've got in the way of their sex life.
5984	Recalling the show, Kevin said he was stunned by the applause Trevor and expressed his gratitude.
5985	Recall that Seun Kuti caused an uproar on social media when a video of him slapping and pushing a police officer on third mainland bridge surfaced online.
5986	Receive News & Ratings for Insulet Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Insulet and related companies with MarketBeat.
5987	Recently, a group of fans used it for a more serious purpose, using 's customization to assign a logo and call sign to an unfortunate NPC.
5988	Recently I was speaking to a friend, who's a few years younger than me, about our favorite movies.
5989	Recently the business has been the target of vandalism for its support of people who are 2SLGBTQIA+.
5990	Recently, the pair wished their daughter, Mylah, a happy birthday and celebrated it together.
5991	Recipients of the Hemet/San Jacinto Student of the Month award for September are, from left, Bailey Easley, Mason Dunn, Diana Ramirez, Camila Carmona, Kelis Hernandez, Kai Loera and Kevin Smith.
5992	Recommendations from the commission are before the House of Commons for comment, with the commission having the final say on electoral boundaries.
5993	Rectory Road will shut during utility works, between its junctions with High Street and Chatfield Road, between 8am on Monday and 4pm on Friday, October 13.
5994	Recurring guest stars will include Richard E. Grant as Peter and Daniel Brühl as Eric.
5995	Red fire buckets at Blaenavon Heritage Railway.
5996	Reed attempted to block a shot by Bill Russell of the Boston Celtics in a mid-1960s game at Madison Square Garden.
5997	Reeves' collection is notably impressive because the permafrost in Alaska keeps the specimens perfectly preserved.
5998	Referencing the WGA and SAG-AFTRA strikes that plagued Hollywood for most of the year, Anthony joked, “With our industry’s recent challenges behind us, we can get back to what we love — dressing up and honoring ourselves.”
5999	“Refineries, industries, and garbage-burning are adding to the problem,” he added.
6000	Reflecting on his experience, Ortega shared: “Before I became a GrabScholar, my mindset was that I should have a job, because I might not be able to pay my tuition.
6001	Regarding the 50th anniversary of Adex, Mrs. Boluarte indicated that the work done by this association has turned it into the "main benchmark for Peruvian exports."
6002	“Regardless of how much progress we make in these halls, if such does not translate to a better quality of life and resiliency, we will remain derailed by even the most subtle of shocks and insecurities that are beyond our control,” Marcos said.
6003	Regional Scientist at (IFDC) Dr Wilson Leornado said the project has come on time when the demand for fertilizer which is key in productivity is now low.
6004	“Registering is easy, with just a few account details needed, which will permit a range of transactions and supply of information without having to call us by telephone – so it’s a faster and easier way for the customer to access what is required.
6005	Registration includes breakfast, lunch and a networking reception at the end of the day.
6006	Registration will be held from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., July 17-21, in both districts.
6007	Regulating unhealthy food marketing was a critical first step on the road safeguarding children’s futures, Food for Health Alliance executive manager Jane Martin said.
6008	Regulatory actions such as this one and the move by the CPSC seldom germinate up organically among the career bureaucracy; most often, they are the result of lobbying efforts from outside interest groups.
6009	Reigns picked up Knight and whipped him into the ring steps.
6010	Related: Ireland Baldwin Shares Baby’s Massive Kicks With The World!
6011	“Relations between careers and volunteer members have settled,” Owen said.
6012	Relations between the royal wives were said to have become strained when the Duchess of Sussex reportedly turned down the chance to have Sophie mentor her on life as a royal.
6013	Relations between the two countries have soured in recent months because of what the Armenian government sees as a lack of Russian support in the conflict with Azerbaijan.
6014	Remember, as Ralphie teaches us, sometimes the best gifts are the ones that create unforgettable memories.
6015	Remember, based upon that IPCC Model, Al Gore predicted the Glaciers would be melted, the Polar Bears would be extinct, and Manhattan would be underwater!
6016	Remember that you’ll both have a good time once you start!
6017	Reminder: Parking availability at Dublin Airport is extremely limited for the coming days, with all car parks sold out & expected to be full.
6018	Renaissance Technologies LLC grew its holdings in shares of Dell Technologies by 68.8% during the second quarter.
6019	Rents rose 0.5% in March, though that was a slower pace than the previous month.
6020	“Repaint when dry with good quality fence paint.
6021	Rep. Greg Murphy (R-NC) told the Washington Examiner: "I'm extremely concerned by the degree in which terrorist activities are being funded under our nose.
6022	Repligen has a 12-month low of $110.45 and a 12-month high of $212.17.
6023	Replying to this, the director said, “No, I won’t change the story.
6024	Reporter Max Chesson dropped by Ashford’s new virtual reality gaming centre to test the tech which could help revolutionise how we play.
6025	Reports suggest that Apple is working on an augmented reality and VR headset that could use the iPhone 13 and future iPhone models as a host device.
6026	Reports suggest that a staggering 95% of the recipients were either PPP family members, friends, and PPP party councillors.
6027	Representative experts will share knowledge from their specific areas of expertise followed by a Q&A session that will give you an opportunity to draw ideas from them in order to tackle your specific projects.
6028	Representative Jamie Raskin (D-MD) said Tuesday on MSNBC’s “All In” that the country was “still in the thick of this fight to defend American democracy” from so-called kleptocrats like former President Donald Trump.
6029	Republican delegates will vote to select the party’s next leader during a spring convention Saturday in Lansing.
6030	Republican Florida Gov. Ron DeSantis beats President Joe Biden in a hypothetical head-to-head matchup for president 44% to 41%, according to a new Civitas poll of likely generation election voters in North Carolina.
6031	Republican hearing to expose alleged Twitter bias against conservatives spectacularly "backfires"
6032	Republican politicians are much cleverer than their loyalist counterparts.
6033	Republican Senator Adrian Dickey of Packwood supports the bill, but he says it doesn’t go far enough in addressing the distracted driving problem.
6034	Republicans, led by Sen. Brad Farrin of Norridgewock, note that there has been some bipartisan buy-in on this kind of an idea.
6035	Request’s official message board is blog.
6036	Research also shows that women carry more student loan debt than men, making the wage gap even more painful.
6037	Research analysts forecast that Paramount Global will post 0.65 EPS for the current year.
6038	Research analysts predict that Startek will post 0.35 earnings per share for the current year.
6039	Researchers from the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences found that the best way to get rid of stink bugs is to fill a foil roasting pan with water and dish soap and put a light over the pan to attract them.
6040	Researchers say that the Covid jab has “unspooled” 15 years’ worth of progress in 12 to 18 months, thanks to studies into these vaccines.
6041	Research in this area shows that firsthand experience and word of mouth can go a long way to convincing people to adopt green investments.
6042	Residential building permit activity for single-family homes in Northwest Arkansas’s four largest cities is down 18% from last year’s pace through the first three months of 2023.
6043	Residents felt forced to choose between the lesser of two evils.
6044	Residents in a Tralee housing estate are concerned over a rat infestation with rodents entering houses, sheds, and overrunning back gardens.
6045	Residents in this area have cut back on water use, found creative ways to conserve, and grass lawns are few and far between.
6046	Residents of Kabusa area in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT) have decried the destruction of their buildings and household belongings by the staff of the Department of Development Control of the Federal Capital Territory Administration (FCTA).
6047	Residents of the Outback city of Menindee complained of a horrible scent from the lifeless fish.
6048	Respect begets respect and they must learn to deal with their governor with respect if they want to be respected in return.
6049	Respect Energy Holding is a European trader of renewable energy that serves as a one-stop shop for green energy investors in Europe.
6050	Responding to Kharge, Dhankhar said, “Our Prime Minister is not to be defended by me.
6051	Restricting by industry was less likely, he said.
6052	Results from holes ATDHAR-05, ATDHAR-08, ATDHAR-09 & ATDHAR-10 have been received, while results from the remaining holes ATDHAR-06, ATDHAR-07, ATDHAR-11 to ATDHAR-19 are pending.
6053	Results showed that only nearly half of the areas with vegetation greening could be explained by long-term rainfall variability, while most of the areas with browning trends were not related to rainfall variability.
6054	Retailers have asked when the brand would be introduced into the UK, and now it is.”
6055	Retirees haven’t gotten increases in their benefits in years, and many of them are living on just these meager kind of allowances.
6056	Review-Journal photographer plunges into the natural and cultural grandeur of the proposed Avi Kwa Ame National Monument south of the Las Vegas Valley.
6057	Ricciardo also won the Italian Grand Prix in 2021, where he performed his iconic shoe-y on the podium.
6058	Rice, the son of Pro Football Hall of Fame receiver Jerry Rice, had career bests with six catches for 174 yards and two touchdowns.
6059	” Rice went on to describe the impact of Homer on his listeners, transported by his epic tales of Achilles and Troy.
6060	Richard Baldini, 38, of Maes Hyfryd, Rhosrobin, Wrexham, was jailed at Mold Crown Court for six months for theft plus 18 months from a suspended sentence.
6061	Rich people can take flyers on risky investments that you can't.
6062	Rick Leeds said they do not often get new members.
6063	RIDE tumbled 14% in the afternoon hours.
6064	Riding on a brilliant performance by goalkeeper Kim Jae-Hyeon, the South Korean squad stunned Argentina 3-2 in a shoot-out after fighting back from two goals down in the fourth quarter to hold the 2016 Rio Olympics gold medallists 5-5 in regulation time.
6065	Riding on this trend, we expect GDP in the second quarter to reach around 8 per cent, and it won't be a big problem for China to achieve its growth target for the year."
6066	Riesel said sub-freezing temperatures added an element to the competition as well.
6067	Right-click on your virtual machine and select Remove “virtual machine name”… files.
6068	“Right now it’s clearly about rest, nutrition, recover and that’s it,” stated Oulahen.
6069	Right now, they are going from market to market trying to pick whatever kilogrammes they can get of rotten maize, and putting it in bags so that they can claim that this is the rotten maize that they were talking about.
6070	Right out of the gate, he faces a stiff test in the 23-9 Silva who not even the former champion Alex Pereira (pound-for-pound hardest hitting human alive) could knockout.
6071	Right wing thinktank The Centre for Social Justice moans that parents have become more likely to keep their children home for minor illnesses than before the pandemic.
6072	Riley misses a clothesline and Heights gets a gutwrench suplex for two.
6073	Rimmer says you should consider updating any information about the value of your property, consider if anything has changed regarding your insured vehicles, update your list of valuables, and consider a value-add product for your existing policies.
6074	Ringed around its summit are six cameras, a thermal imaging device and 12 seismological monitoring stations that operate 24 hours a day, all reporting back to an equipment-filled command centre in Mexico City.
6075	Ringo Madlingozi sings at Zahara’s funeral service.
6076	Rio Tinto leans on electric trucks in $7.5bn carbon-cutting planasia.
6077	Rishi said his Government remained “committed to the triple-lock”.
6078	Rising infrastructural investments in the energy and power sector, increasing demand for organic food and nutritional beverages and favorable government policies are aiding the growth.
6079	Rising river levels on the Servern caused widespread flooding and disruption in Worcester last month.
6080	Risk management is more important than potential gains.
6081	River Road was reduced to one lane around the scene.
6082	Riyadh – Saudi Arabia – Starlinks, a leading logistics and supply chain solutions provider in Saudi Arabia, today announced the launch of the most technologically advanced fulfilment centre in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
6083	Road between Welshpool and Coed y Dinas reopens after police 'incident'
6084	Road policing officers are now appealing for information.
6085	Robert Saunooke has decided not to accept an appointment to serve on the Tribal Gaming Commission (TGC) for the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians (EBCI).
6086	Robertson openly credited Trudell as a major inspiration for his eponymous 1987 album.
6087	Robertson stepped down as host of the show after half a century in 2021, with his son Gordon taking over the weekday show.
6088	Robert W. Baird cut their target price on Accenture from $310.00 to $290.00 and set a “neutral” rating for the company in a research report on Monday, December 19th.
6089	Robert W. Baird raised their target price on Advanced Drainage Systems from $125.00 to $155.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a research note on Friday, August 4th.
6090	Robin Fieth, chief executive of the BSA, said: 'As savings rates have been increasing over recent months, shopping around can now make a sizeable difference to the returns available.'
6091	Robins have a reputation for being relaxed and friendly around humans.
6092	Robinson and Keynes were writing during the Great Depression, when spending and investment were moribund and interest rates seemed like a stranglehold on the economy.
6093	Rockefeller Capital Management L.P. now owns 804 shares of the insurance provider’s stock valued at $35,000 after buying an additional 546 shares during the period.
6094	Rocker did sign with Texas but his 2023 season ended in May when he underwent Tommy John surgery while pitching for Class-A Hickory.
6095	Rockett netted twice in the first half against Down on Saturday with Beth Carton supplying both.
6096	Rocket, who is prized by the High Evolutionary for his intelligence, soon discovers that his friends are considered failed experiments that are to be destroyed.
6097	Rodgers will be in the Brett Favre, Dan Marino conversation unless he finds a way to win another one.
6098	Rodriguez, 32, was arrested at 1:22 p.m. on Jan.
6099	Rodriguez said it’s not aimed at that breakdown specifically, though it brings extra attention to event ticketing processes.
6100	'Roger actually got me to do a bit of tapping when they were recording.
6101	Roll batter out very thin and cut to desired cookie size.
6102	Romano Brothers AND Company bought a new stake in shares of Nordson in the fourth quarter worth about $58,000.
6103	Ronan, 46, sang This Is Your Song towards the end of the emotional service.
6104	Ronan Thomas above the Lincolnshire skies.
6105	Ronnie O'Sullivan has come out from the interval firing, making a break of 84 to win the ninth frame.
6106	Rortvedt was called up Thursday when Jose Trevino landed on the IL with a strained hamstring.
6107	Rosalind Nyman was his “fortunate” mother.
6108	Rosario’s direction is a bit linear but works within the space available.
6109	Roscosmos said the hatch between the station and the Progress MS-21 had been locked so the incident didn’t affect the orbiting outpost.
6110	Rosneft Oil Company PJSC is Russia's leading oil group.
6111	Ross County manager Malky Mackay (L) shakes hands with the referee Euan Anderson at full time.
6112	Ross Lyon has returned for his second stint as the Saints’ senior coach.
6113	Roughly 7 miles from State Farm Stadium, the squadrons ran practice from Arizona Luke Air Force base to make sure they were on target and on time.
6114	Route 433 will start and end at the West Bedford Park and Ride located at 120 Innovation Drive.
6115	Routes for cyclists and pedestrians would also be built.
6116	Roxy Milliner, who competes as B-girl Roxy, agrees.
6117	Royal Bank of Canada raised their price target on GMS from $51.00 to $58.00 and gave the company a “sector perform” rating in a report on Friday, December 9th.
6118	Royal Caribbean International has revealed the lineup of short Caribbean cruises,featuring eight action-packed ships sailing to tropical, vibrant destinations that make for the ultimate short escapes in 2024-2025.
6119	RSV is one of the most common causes of childhood illness and can affect adults.
6120	Running back Darrell Henderson was the leading receiver with 54 yards.
6121	Rupert Murdoch is not only pushing for a reunion for Fox Corp and News Corp, but he also wants Rebekah Brooks, CEO of the company’s News UK unit, to run everything.
6122	Rural communities often face high costs for shipping, difficulty accessing building supplies, and even finding workers to do the construction.
6123	Russia has said it expects its overall oil and gas revenues this year to drop by nearly one-quarter from 11.6 trillion roubles to 8.9 trillion roubles ($155bn to $119bn), adding to Moscow’s need to find new revenue streams.
6124	"Russia is to blame for holding up earthquake aid to Syria"
6125	Russian claims that bodies of dead civilians were already in the streets of Bucha when Russian troops arrived were disproven by time-stamped satellite imagery from the United States.
6126	Russian commanders had been trying to surround Lysychansk with the crossing, but their sneak-attack turned into a massacre when Ukraine correctly guessed their plans.
6127	Russia refuses to give up the four regions it annexed.
6128	Russia’s blockade of Ukraine, and Western sanctions towards Russia, brought about their exports to fall sharply early final yr, worsening shortages and worth spikes all over the world, and threatening famine in some areas, notably in East Africa.
6129	Russia’s state media quickly started using Mr. Biden’s visit as evidence of the Kremlin’s claim that the West is waging a proxy war against Russia.
6130	Russia's Wagner Group mercenaries 'secretly develop explosive-tipped ''swarm drones'' in murky deal with Chinese spies'
6131	"Russia will never succeed in taking this away from us."
6132	Ruth Perry was the headteacher at Caversham primary school in Reading, Berkshire.
6133	Rutter hit the crossbar in the 71st with a shot which nicked off former Sheffield Wednesday and Middlesbrough midfielder Massimo Luongo.
6134	Ryanair has also announced 230 new routes and said it is expanding in Italy, Poland, Ireland and Spain, while more than 95 per cent of crews have also had their pay cuts restored by agreement, the company added.
6135	Ryan Timlin, the president and business agent for the transit drivers union ATU Local 1005, suggested placing special emphasis on hot spots — routes, times and stations where illegal activity is more common.
6136	Ryan, who built his career on defence with the Canterbury Bulldogs and Parramatta Eels, praised his side’s resilience without the ball.
6137	Sabalenka also enjoyed success in the U.S. earlier in the year with a run to the Indian Wells final where she crashed to fellow big-hitter Elena Rybakina, another top Flushing Meadows contender despite recent health and fitness worries.
6138	Saddam Hussein is shown with his sons Uday (left) and Qusay (right).
6139	Sadly, Greenfield and Jet Black are no longer with us and JJ remains the only original member of the band in the current line-up.
6140	Sadly missed by his loving sons, daughters, sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, grandchildren, great-grandchildren, nephews, nieces, relatives and friends.
6141	Sadly passed away at home on October 29 aged 83. Brian will be deeply missed by all his family and friends.
6142	Sad situation, people killed families are hurting.
6143	Safe (SAFE) traded down 8.7% against the dollar and now trades at $9.17 or 0.00031526 BTC.
6144	Safety improvements are also needed on a section of road along Ffordd Y Millennium before the council can take responsibility for it.
6145	Said Netflix, “This addictive series will uncover whether looks, race, or age do matter — or if love really is blind.”
6146	Said one Republican strategist and former Trump campaign official, the former president “doesn’t have the same sway or power that he likes to think he has.”
6147	Said to be the favorite shop of any students visiting Hogsmeade, the shop would come to be owned by Bilton Bilmes, though the events of predate this appointment.
6148	Saints quarterback Derek Carr — who had passed for zero touchdowns with seven interceptions in three previous games against the Rams — connected with Rashid Shaheed for a 45-yard touchdown in the second quarter.
6149	Saka pleaded not guilty after the charge was read.
6150	Saka was voted the men’s Young Player of the Year while Chelsea’s Lauren James picked up the women’s award.
6151	SALEM — Eyewitness Stephany Mejia recalled watching her boyfriend, Noe Hernandez, get shot and killed at a July 4, 2020 drive-by shooting, on the ninth day of the Marcus Carlisle…
6152	Sales of various drinks including cold drinks and ice cream have risen sharply, with local vendors doing brisk business.
6153	Sales to China had previously accounted for 25% of Nvidia’s revenue.
6154	Salter had been restrained by other witnesses due to his “erratic” behaviour and was later detained by police.
6155	Salters, shaking off getting hit pretty hard, then managed to gain a yard and a big first down for the East at the West 18. Three plays later, Salters took the handoff and found room on the left side to sneak into the end zone from four yards out.
6156	“Salvatore Todaro is the captain of the Cappellini,” reads the synopsis.
6157	Salvos Murrumbidgee Homelessness Program manager Michelle Kilgower said it's increasingly difficult to keep up with the demand for accommodation services in the area.
6158	Same goes for the fathr, no?
6159	“Same group, sprinkle in some new people,” he explained.
6160	Sami Bewick hit two home runs and had four RBIs for Peters.
6161	“Sammy understands the needs of the channel very well in terms of financing, go to market and building a channel,” said Fleches.
6162	… Sammy you are my love, my life, my soulmate, my wife, my world!”
6163	Sam Walker returned after months on the sidelines and made an immediate impact, scoring a superb solo try and providing much needed spark to the attack.
6164	Sanchez defended the amnesty on Wednesday at the start of a two-day parliamentary debate, arguing it was needed to “heal the wounds” opened by the wealthy northeastern region’s independence push.
6165	Sanders’ introductory press conference at CU.
6166	San Diego could be considering solving its public restroom shortage by charging for their use.
6167	San Diego State forward Keshad Johnson celebrates a win over Alabama in Friday night’s Sweet 16 matchup in Louisville.
6168	Sandy Kelly will celebrate the release of her new album ‘Leaving It All Behind’ with a special concert at The Sligo Park Hotel on Sunday, October 8th.
6169	San Francisco has become an insane asylum.
6170	Santos had been approached by Ziwe on X, formerly known as Twitter the day after his expulsion from the House of Representatives.
6171	SAO PAULO (Reuters) -Brazilian planemaker Embraer on Monday kept its outlook for the full year unchanged but acknowledged it might be closer to meeting the low end of its delivery target range as it continues to grapple with supply chain issues.
6172	Sarah Chapman and Leah Ogrizovic are the giant’s henchmen, whilst Stephanie Laycock will add fairy magic.
6173	Sara will lead and judge this year’s family fancy dress competition on the second day of the Shropshire jamboree.
6174	Sardauna gave the advice at the 16th Annual Ramadan Lecture/Iftar, organised by the FCT Chapter of the Obafemi Awolowo University Muslim Graduates’ Association (UNIFEMGA), held in Abuja.
6175	Saturday's storm system is looking to bring the strongest with heavy widespread rain and snow.
6176	Savvy consumers know that taking note of unit prices is key to getting the best value for money when grocery shopping.
6177	Savvy shoppers get money back with every purchase simply by selecting the right cash-back credit card.
6178	SA wrote on Instagram.
6179	Say what you will about his comments towards Eva, but at least he stood by ’em and didn’t back down when called out by Twitter followers.
6180	Scarecrow would recruit her as his partner, and would have made his live-action debut in the film, which was originally set for a 1999 premiere.
6181	Scared, Kirti rushed away but tumbled from the edge of the roof.
6182	Scare it into the water.
6183	Sceberras returned to Malta in 1817 and nurtured as he was in the very cradle of civic liberty, he began to take an active part in the local movement for political reform.
6184	Scheuerman added that gender-affirming signage could be implemented across campus to encourage people to use the bathroom that best aligns with their gender identity.
6185	Schneider makes his case for speed cameras but fails to point out ancillary benefits.
6186	Schuster’s doorbell camera has captured his interactions with strangers accusing him of stealing their electronic devices.
6187	Scientists say human-caused climate change, brought about by the unchecked burning of fossil fuels, has supercharged these wild swings in weather.
6188	Scored with a sweeping, assiduously researched soundtrack by Academy Award-winner A. R. Rahman, drawing from ancient Tamil literature, the films keep their musical numbers short but vivid.
6189	Scores of Carrefour-Feuilles took to the streets Sept. 19, pleading for their government to combat the Grand Ravine gangs so that survivors of the attacks might return home.
6190	Scottish Labour Social Care spokesperson Paul O’Kane said: "After wasting months defending these unworkable plans, it seems the SNP are finally willing to u-turn.
6191	Scott Kirkpatrick, executive VP of distribution and co-productions at Nicely Entertainment, on delivering a core offering of family-friendly and female-driven feel-good content.
6192	Scott said she felt that was necessary for her community.
6193	's coveted beauty brand has landed on British shores.
6194	Scranton Joe Biden fancies himself a union guy, a union president, but that just doesn’t pass the giggle test, does it?
6195	Scroll below as she seemingly addresses her breakup with Kartik Aaryan and reacts to how the failure affected her.
6196	Scroll down to find out which beauty spots are causing a stir on TikTok – and to plan which ones you’ll visit for yourself…
6197	“Scunthorpe has thrown money at it and will be the big guns but we are happy with what we have got here.”
6198	SDLP leader Colum Eastwood said: “The House of Commons made a very clear statement yesterday – there is no more negotiating to be done, the deal is the deal.
6199	SeaCrest Wealth Management LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Rivian Automotive during the 2nd quarter worth about $31,000.
6200	Season 3 will be based on the fifth book in Michael Connelly’s The Lincoln Lawyer series, The Gods of Guilt.
6201	Season four, based in Seattle, is currently airing with new episodes added to Netflix on Fridays through April 14.
6202	SEATTLE (AP) — Cannabis regulators have halted operations at several outdoor pot farms and processing facilities on a stretch of former fruit orchards in north-central Washington state.
6203	Sebastian's house is pictured left, alongside Hanslow's house (right).
6204	Second, I can afford to lose $1,000 on a trade, assuming TD's value would drop to $0.
6205	Secondly, don’t think that now that you do live here that you have to adhere to some sort of California lifestyle.
6206	Secondly, there is an urgent need to eradicate the disease and the only way to do that is to kill the whole herd.
6207	Second, they’re asking the court to order the LDS church to stop its allegedly deceptive practices, including its purported failure to give the money it has collected and reserved for charitable purposes to charity.
6208	's economy faces challenges in the global market, with external demand likely to weaken in the coming months.
6209	Secret of the Moon Conch" by David Bowles and Guadalupe García McCall toggles between modern-day Mexico and 1521 Tenochtitlan, where two people are bonded by a mystical conch shell.
6210	"Secrets of Sulphur Springs" returns to Disney Channel with season 3 of the series.
6211	Security forces have launched an operation to neutralise two terrorists who attacked three houses in Dangri area, Jammu and Kashmir Police said, according to agencies.
6212	Seedlings will be available on a first come, first serve basis.
6213	Seeing the doctor and nurses preparing Ellie for the procedure, he first asks them to “unhook her.”
6214	Seeing their determination, Father O'Malley changes his stance and helps them approach Bogardus, including manipulating Bogardus through the businessman's physician.
6215	Seeking votes for the BRS candidate, Rao said his party should be voted to power again for the development to continue.
6216	See shocking state of Lancaster's river as dumped bikes and shopping trolleys pi.
6217	See ticket information, exhibit dates and times here.
6218	Select board chair Skipper Manter said that the meeting “seemed to be going well” initially, but as the meeting progressed, commissioners grew more hesitant.
6219	Senate Bill 872, co-sponsored by Grants Pass state representative Lily M Department of Forestry would need to work with federal agencies to expand wildfire prevention tactics.
6220	Senator Patty Kuderer of the 48th District on the west side of the state compares advisory votes to a form of negative campaigning and says voters should have genuine conversations with lawmakers.
6221	Sending you both lots of love xxx."
6222	‘s end-of-the-year media conference left little space for interpretation about ‘s foreign policy in the face of looming economic recession brought on by plummeting oil prices and Western sanctions.
6223	Senior Maurice Thomas, junior PJ Chambers and sophomore Makai Kvamme didn’t recede from the spotlight when McElroy and Kamin returned last month.
6224	Senior Riley Minix spent four years playing NAIA ball at Southeastern University.
6225	“Sensitive materials” often include witness interviews and recordings of conversations.
6226	Sen. Steven Bradford, who has been in office for 25 years, called his work on the task force the most impactful public service work he will do in his career.
6227	Sentencing on White, formerly of Gartcosh, was deferred until next month at the High Court in Stirling for background reports to be prepared.
6228	Sergio Perez won the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix from pole position in a Red Bull one-two on Sunday with Max Verstappen staying top of the championship after racing from 15th to second with the fastest lap.
6229	Serie A outfit Juventus have signed Italian forward Moise Kean on a permanent transfer deal from Everton.
6230	“Serious criminals like this thought they could keep their hands clean and avoid police detection by using Encrochat handsets, which cost thousands of pounds – but we have other ideas.
6231	“SERP Analysis: I also did a manual search on Google for each keyword to see what kinds of results show up.
6232	Services increased more than 50%, as the team helps state and local municipalities address talent gaps through enhanced training as well as professional services engagements.
6233	Settler Attacks in the West Bank Are On the Rise.
6234	Seven equities research analysts have rated the stock with a buy rating, According to data from MarketBeat, Capstone Copper has a consensus rating of Buy and a consensus target price of C$7.
6235	Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and twenty-four have issued a buy rating to the company.
6236	Several brokerages have weighed in on AA.
6237	Several Highland League clubs had made offers to McHardy since his release from the Black and Whites.
6238	Several hundred others waited outside his hotel, not far from the banks of the Liangma River, popular with Beijingers for strolls.
6239	Several individuals commented on the state of the cryptocurrency industry.
6240	Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in RGP.
6241	Several research analysts have commented on ALGN shares.
6242	Several research firms recently weighed in on ENV.
6243	Several roads were closed Tuesday morning in Regina due to a fire at a commercial building near Winnipeg Street and Dewdney Avenue.
6244	Several waterways have flooded, at least 19 people have died and thousands have been told to evacuate their homes.
6245	Sexual assault, from the act of nonchalantly brushing past women to worse forms of abuse, are a silent scourge in the city.
6246	SFPD Narcotics investigators reportedly found various equipment, including highly ignitable butane tanks, pressure stoves, and ovens, which probers said are used in manufacturing illegal drugs.
6247	's freshly-released "" is about more than just nostalgia.
6248	SG Americas Securities LLC trimmed its stake in Crocs, Inc. () by 68.8% in the third quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
6249	Shah Rukh Khan has over the years proved that he is not only the king of romance but also the king of words.
6250	Shah Rukh Khan spoke about his longstanding relationship with Rajkumar Hirani, and revealed why he couldn't star in Munna Bhai MBBS and 3 Idiots.
6251	Shaktikanta Das, Governor, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), and Ravi Menon, managing director of the Monetary Authority of Singapore (MAS), the country's apex financial authority, also presided over the launch event.
6252	Shareholders of record on Friday, November 24th will be paid a dividend of 1.50 per share by the asset manager on Friday, December 8th.
6253	Shareholders of record on Tuesday, May 16th were issued a $0.51 dividend.
6254	Shareholders receive a 4.02% yield with the coming increase.
6255	Share Norman Maclean's quotes as you drive up the Blackfoot, stretching your legs for a snack or meal in Ovando.
6256	Shares of multifaceted space economy specialist ) skyrocketed on Thursday, gaining about 200% in the afternoon session.
6257	Share your thoughts: Tesla cuts car prices for second tim…
6258	'Shark Tank' star Kevin O'Leary warns soaring interest rates will cause 'real chaos' for US economyaol.
6259	“Shaw is all about argument,” Walwyn said.
6260	Shayna Baszler wins by pinfall with a swinging Samoan Drop.
6261	She accessorized with gold bracelets, one placed high on her arm for the full “Leia” effect.
6262	She added "Looks good and will be perfect for my holiday.
6263	She added: "My client's legitimate concerns have not been addressed and it is concerning that it is being left to her to highlight unexplained irregularities in the review."
6264	She added: “Stonehaven needs it and it’s just another part of helping the people of the town.”
6265	She added that its role in supporting the independent production sector "would be very disrupted by a sale at a time when growth and economic stability are our priorities".
6266	She added that she was “so grateful and excited to be a part of season 1,” and that she would be “happy to join them in any capacity they would have me.”
6267	She also helped her memorize her ID number.
6268	She also helped lead the girls basketball and softball teams two section championships.
6269	She also knew, as a divorced mom to a small child building her career, there was no way to offer enough resources on her own to endow a legacy.
6270	She also launched her beauty line TPH by Taraji in 2020.”
6271	She also leaves behind her son Billy Salemme.
6272	She also runs a non-governmental organisation— the Centre for Creative Arts Education—which uses the creative arts to empower women and the youth.
6273	She also said she saw a video appearing to be of Rossi kicking open a door and kicking a prison officer in the face, despite using a manual wheelchair in prison.
6274	She also spoke about the differences between Katrina and Deepika as performers.
6275	She also submitted an insurance claim for the vehicle and gave the company the same story.
6276	She also took courses in welding.
6277	She also warned about the repercussions of exposing that reality.
6278	She always stayed true to her word & beliefs.
6279	She and I went to schools still segregated and heavily underfunded decades after the Supreme Court supposedly put an end to such things with Brown v. Board of Education.
6280	She assesses students regularly to identify areas where they are succeeding and areas where they may require more focused help.
6281	She became known as 'the Steel Magnolia,' a reference to her soft-spoken Southern demeanor and accent, underweather which lay an iron-will and ambition to rival her husband's.
6282	She began to work out of the “smoke-filled” newsroom in downtown Waterville, Jolene McGowan said.
6283	She can no longer dance or play soccer, activities she formerly enjoyed.
6284	She can use this Quirk to clear wreckage from disaster zones with impressive speed, and she can use it to restrain villains.
6285	She carries the BRCA1 gene which predisposes her to breast cancer and had been doing six-monthly screenings.
6286	She continued, “I don’t need them to choose to be a businesswoman or a mom.
6287	She continues to serve in leadership roles with several nonprofits and is a volunteer with Family Court in the Children in Transition program.
6288	She co-wrote "Broken Horses" with twin brothers Phil and Tim Hanseroth.
6289	She declined to comment on the allegations but said she is looking forward to Chasing Horse’s next court date, scheduled for Feb. 22. At that hearing, a judge is expected to hear evidence in the case and decide whether Chasing Horse will stand trial.
6290	She did nothing with the package.
6291	She emotionally spoke of how her last memory of Sahara was 'kissing her good night, telling her how much I loved her, and promising to see her in the morning'.
6292	She even got a special kind of scholarship that her government paid for so that she could study abroad.
6293	She explained: 'When we were thinking about location, we asked ourselves, "What's important to us?"
6294	Sheffield youngster Jude Mellon-Jameson, who is battling cancer, with his mum Lucy and dad Arron.
6295	She finished the fourth with 18 points on 4-of-5 shooting from the floor, including three 3-pointers, and made all seven of her free throws.
6296	She gets down to everything from Mannequin Pussy to Lee Moses; Japanese Breakfast to Sloppy Jane; Gustaf to Francoise Hardy.
6297	She had been abused by an ex-boyfriend who, after they split, blackmailed her over their sex videos.
6298	'She had somehow managed to avoid her drug dealing activities coming to the attention of the police for a substantial period of time,' said Mr Bashir.
6299	She has been guinea pig-sitting when her roommate is busy.
6300	She has not played for the Mercury since 2021, when she led Phoenix to the WNBA Finals before losing to the Chicago Sky.
6301	She has spent a lot of time pretending to organize her tool belt.
6302	'She has zero remorse, she likes passing blame.
6303	She heaped praise on attorney's in the DA office's civil rights division, whom she called 'only prosecutors I have ever worked with in Louisiana who truly take the admonition to 'do Justice' seriously, and that should concern us all.'
6304	She hopes members of the audience will be entertained, but also learn something about OCD in the process.
6305	Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi, the most renowned and prominent Muslim cleric in the world, has stated, “The Muslim jurists are unanimous that apostates must be punished, yet they differ as to determining the kind of punishment to be inflicted upon them.
6306	She insists that she lives at the apartment before hurling more classist insults back at the family.
6307	She is a former Virgin Atlantic air stewardess, who is known to her friends as 'Al'.
6308	She is reported to have been paid £1,000 for the job but was stopped by Turkish authorities in Istanbul upon arrival.
6309	She is still over a year away from ordering a drink legally in the United States.
6310	"She is what nobody wants to be.
6311	She just can't help herself though, as she adores Rami."
6312	She later ScreenRant, "We can do anything with her now.
6313	She later uploaded the snap via Instagram.
6314	She liked living on her own.
6315	She loves listening to music, attending concerts, reformer pilates and reality TV!
6316	‘She made it her mission to walk down the aisle.
6317	She married at the family vineyard in 2011, and today works there, and is regarded as an essential member of the management team, along with Paula and her 54-year-old brother Mario who manages the vineyard.
6318	She matched the dress with two-tone pumps from the same London-based brand and added a black Philip Treacy hat with polka dot detailing.
6319	She noticed that she was a lot more flexible about things than she would've been two years ago.
6320	She opted for a bold choice in one of the looks and could be seen wearing a chain and coin bustier Andreas Kronthaler for Vivienne Westwood paired with black underwear.
6321	She popped down to her local pool in to do so and proved exactly why she got the 'Madame Butterfly' moniker during her decade-long career as one of Australia's greatest-ever swimmers.
6322	She promised that was not a one-time thing … hopefully, we will see her again in the ring this year.
6323	She pulls a flask from her bag and pours water onto the inflamed skin.
6324	"She puts all her positive energy into you and makes you believe in yourself."
6325	She recalls that a few years ago she went trick-or-treating in the neighborhood with her son Toby, then 7, who was dressed as Harry Potter, and her 3-year-old daughter Zia, decked out as Hedwig the owl.
6326	She revealed that they had even taken her pillowcases to carry the stolen items, failing to bring their own bags for the operation.
6327	She said he called his mother on Friday from the location but she missed his call.
6328	She said help in Scotland was not evenly spread and can be "difficult to find".
6329	She said: “I am elated to announce that the AMA during December last year launched a speeding mass media campaign christened the ‘Surgeon’.
6330	She said: “If anyone would like to donate anything to them – cat food, milk or anything else, please text or me on 07702 211302.”
6331	She said: “I think it’s very difficult to say whether there will be deaths.
6332	She said it signposts the foundation’s unflinching belief in the vision of collaboration and pursuit of ideals of good governance and accelerated development of the Nigerian state.
6333	She said: "I want people to be aware to advocate for themselves, colon cancer in younger people is rising dramatically.
6334	She said she was “proud” of the surgeons and doctors who took care of her, adding: “I’ve got a perky friend here on the left.”
6335	She said that if it happened a third time, she would tell my dad, and I would be in serious trouble."
6336	She said that the Americans are to blame – not Russia.
6337	She said that though she did not feel physically threatened, seeing the “globalize the Intifada” poster was “emotionally unsettling” and “harmful.”
6338	She said the decision is not an attempt to erase history but to show that people have learned from it.
6339	She said there is a feeling that it’s being “waved through” as the council don’t have the power to say yes or no.
6340	She said these included requiring handguns sellers to inform law enforcement when a prospective buyer fails a background check.
6341	She said: “Today I tried four different ways of cleaning the grout on my tile floors - and I’m going to show you what worked the best.”
6342	She said: “We offer lots of training and support, and it is very rewarding to see our members having fun and growing through play.”
6343	She saved enough money to move west once more and gave herself 12 months: “I was like: I have no money, but I’m gonna push through; if nothing happens by the end of next year, it’s a sign I need to move back home.”
6344	She says that since then she she has helped 4,000 people get fit and lose weight, through her "non-nonsence approach".
6345	She's excited for what this next chapter in 2020 will bring."
6346	She shared several photos from the three shows in the Instagram post.
6347	She's never had a single ethics violation," he continued.
6348	She's now warning holidaymakers to check their children's beds when away.
6349	She spotted a condo listed for $699,000 garner 11 offers and a house listed for $2.8 million snag five bids last month.
6350	She states, “You must promote yourself on other platforms when you sign up for the app.
6351	“She’s the ultimate WASP,” says costume designer Matland.
6352	She’s traveled from Washington, DC to Japan as part of the forensics team.
6353	She sued the California-headquartered company for racial and gender discrimination in 2019.
6354	She suffers from anxiety and panic attacks and fears for her children's future if an elephant kills her.
6355	She then seems to ignore him when he orders her to roll down her window, taking several moments before she eventually complies.
6356	She used to spend a lot of time with Michael."
6357	She uses her superpowers as a mommy, teacher, and elementary school principal to unveil a witty account of a school mascot who becomes an excellent role model for kids.
6358	She wakes up the still ailing Joel, hands him his knife, and explains that she’s going to try and lead the men away but to kill anyone that comes looking for him.
6359	She was a critic of the Roman Catholic Church well before allegations of sexual abuse were widely reported.
6360	"She was a hot mess, but I still was willing to help her.
6361	She was, and still is, most drawn to fantasy books.
6362	“She was a proper, healthy-looking individual, who is a businesswoman.
6363	She was five months old when she first appeared on the show and was 11 by the time it ended.
6364	She was followed by first timer, Grace Barry, in 22:29 and Nicola Falconer in 24:21.
6365	"She was just smiling and said she wanted to keep going with him."
6366	She was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2008 before being removed to a psychiatric hospital in 2019.
6367	She was stopped shortly afterwards.
6368	She was understood to be on holiday with her boyfriend at the time in Navazzo di Gargnano, a popular tourist spot near to the Italian lake.
6369	She won an Emmy for her work on "Savage X Fenty Show Vol. 3," and she choreographed Rihanna's iconic Super Bowl performance this year!
6370	She would also like to see a stronger array of supports for family members and friends after a death by suicide.
6371	She wrote that he had “planted a ‘poison pill’ in the DNA of his children”, who were unable to “stick together” or trust one another because of how their father treated them.
6372	Shiffrin made sure to praise Day, too: “I owe so much of the career that I’ve had to him and the work that he’s done.”
6373	Shifting the energy, Vaughn worked through songs off her most recent album “” and described different situations in her life that inspired the music.
6374	Shoplifting was reported 26 times while all other crimes were reported 122 times.
6375	SHOPPERS are warning about a brand new party top in Zara after multiple women have found themselves TRAPPED in it.
6376	Shoppers can buy the M&S Collection Wide-Leg Jeans in three different lengths - short/petite, regular and long.
6377	Shortly after Mauck’s killing, Tennessee Senate Minority Leader Raumesh Akbari (D-Memphis) told the press that the shooter had allegedly been threatening a Campbell Clinic staffer for a week before the incident.
6378	Shortly after midnight on May 10, 2016, detectives were watching Martin and co-defendants Pitter and Hinson at a Walmart in Pembroke Pines where they bought a screwdriver, Martin’s affidavit said.
6379	Shortly after she was born, Jodi was hospitalized with spinal meningitis.
6380	Shortly after that statement was released, Taiwan’s defence ministry said it will continue to monitor Chinese drills and that people should remain calm in the face of China’s “damaging peace and stability”.
6381	Shortly afterwards, Zelenskyy met with President Sergio Mattarella.
6382	Short terms can offer a middle ground for rate-risk.
6383	Should the switch-hitter move as quickly through the minors this upcoming season as he did last year, the Martian could touch down in the Bronx as soon as 2024.
6384	Sibanye has navigated difficult waters in the past.
6385	Sidestep Kids Festival is a wonderful, free festival for kids and families on this weekend at Banner Park in Brunswick Heads.
6386	SiegedSec attacked Israeli government's devices, disconnected many alarms and sensors.
6387	Similar legislation YAL supported has been introduced in Missouri, New Hampshire, Connecticut and South Carolina, and will be considered in 2023, the organization told the DCNF.
6388	“Similarly, consistent (daily or monthly) listening to a podcast could provide listeners more insight into the podcast production process, and this could influence listeners’ perceptions of podcasts as a form of journalism.”
6389	Similarly, Professor and Chair of the Communication and Media Department Caitlin Carlson foresees the indictment uniquely influencing the landscape of the Republican primaries.
6390	Similarly, they have not developed a catcher since Jorge Posada.
6391	Similar to the way a piece of litmus paper changes colour depending on the pH it is exposed to, the paint from many of these plants would change if an acid (like lemon) or a base (like baking soda) were added.
6392	Similar to Twitter Blue’s paid-for blue tick, the new feature will let users verify their Facebook and Instagram accounts using a government ID and get a blue badge.
6393	Simple, full of information and well written.
6394	Simple lifestyle change ‘could slash your risk of dying young’
6395	Simply enter that referral code during registration and you will receive your 100% deposit match immediately after completing your first transaction on the PrizePicks app or website.
6396	Simply put, when you’re heavily invested in a particular public cloud you’re increasingly locked into that provider’s ecosystem—their tools, their services and their platform.
6397	Since 2010, between £450bn and £1,500bn of tax has not been collected due to evasion, avoidance and error.
6398	Since approximately 48% of our loans are floating rate, we expect loan yields to continue to increase as short-term rates continue to move higher.
6399	Since Baja Blast was available once the product launched, Hard MTN DEW Livewire is officially the first addition to the lineup.
6400	Since dogs don’t necessarily understand our language, they tend to understand us through their observations of our bodies and our body language.
6401	Since January of this year, the U.S. has seen more than 100 bills being introduced that would prevent trans youth from being able to access healthcare—another record.
6402	Since one share of EPR-E only converts into about ½ share of EPR, you are getting an option worth about $1.75 along with the 8.21% yield making the disconnect even bigger between EPR-E and EPR-G which has no embedded option.
6403	Since only one was, there’s no doubt the contract could be considered a failure.
6404	Since the band’s seminal early albums, 2016 saw them inducted into the ARIA Hall of Fame, while Neil Finn joined Fleetwood Mac in 2018 on a huge world tour.
6405	Since the beginning of January, U stock gained only 1%.
6406	Since the cyborgs are near the Satellites' premises, they can easily overwrite the Cipher Pol's command.
6407	Since then, Alberici has worked in strategy, government relations and communications for financial comparison website Compare the Market then as a headhunter for recruitment firm Derwent.
6408	Since then, he never had to look back.
6409	Since then, there have been things signed but not implemented.
6410	Since the study didn't outline how to go about the repairs, Masland said environmental assessments and new designs are needed before they can finalize a plan.
6411	Since the teenager's disappearance, police have been tracking down any CCTV footage, and have reportedly searched nearby houses, as well as rivers and bushes, for evidence of what happened to her.
6412	Since those original JCPOA talks, however, China’s subsequent involvement in peacemaking has been largely non-existent.
6413	Singer Katy Perry has reassured her fans after she appeared to lose her seat for the King's coronation.
6414	Single, 30 and under pressure, Thando lies to her family that she has a boyfriend.
6415	SingularityNET (AGIX) traded down 0.2% against the dollar and now trades at $0.43 or 0.00001421 BTC.
6416	SingularityNET (AGIX) traded up 1.2% against the dollar and now trades at $0.49 or 0.00001717 BTC.
6417	SingularityNET (AGIX) traded up 67.5% against the dollar and now trades at $0.18 or 0.00000866 BTC.
6418	Sir Keir Starmer said changes to the apprenticeship funding system would reverse a decline in people enrolling on manufacturing training schemes.
6419	Sir Stephen said that this has resulted in an increased disparity between the wealthiest areas of England which rely less on grant funding and can raise more from council tax, business rates and other funding sources.
6420	Siskiyou was truly an asset to the ongoing wonder that is the grey wolf and a living symbol of the value of the preservation of this beautiful species.
6421	Sister Andre was then assigned to a hospital in Vichy, France, where she worked for 31 years.
6422	Sitting PM Pedro Sanchez (PSOE) voted at 9.10am at the Nuestra Señora del Buen Consejo school in Madrid.
6423	Situated to the north of Rio de Janeiro on Brazil’s southeast coast, Vila Velha is a beach town surrounded by tropical forests and green-topped mountains.
6424	Six Flags Magic Mountain “goes gay for the night” as the amusement park turns playground for queer thrill seekers and their allies from 6 p.m. to midnight.
6425	Six months after her stroke, Walton began to get tremors in her right arm, coupled with excruciating pain.
6426	Sixteen years later, the Patriots are bound for another Super Bowl, this time to face the Atlanta Falcons.
6427	Sixty-nine national highway projects have been approved, of which five are four-lane highways.
6428	S Jaishankar drew attention to the issue of organised crime in Canada, particularly that which is linked to secessionist forces, violence, and extremism.
6429	S. Johnson and B. Calhoun caught fly balls in the sixth inning and Marx a line drive.
6430	SJP Value Creation provides advisory services to C-level executives related to strategy, operations, and acquisitions.
6431	Slashing congestion would also reduce planet-heating carbon emissions and other pollution.
6432	's latest horror film that was recently cut in order to go from an NC-17 rating to an R rating.
6433	Slice the remaining half of the orange, and slice the apple.
6434	Small farmers had their corn crops devastated by Otis' wind and pounding rain, he said.
6435	Smart scheduler, for instance, leverages this data to provide guidance for a better meeting experience.
6436	Smiley deeply researched these books, and it shows.
6437	Smithies' short pass sent Walker in for his first after 25 minutes, then Walker's pinpoint 40-20 set up Welsby, reverting to his favoured full-back role in the absence of World Cup captain Sam Tomkins, to send Wardle over on the left.
6438	Smith opened up her bag of tricks and showed her versatility on the offensive end by scoring 10 points in the third quarter.
6439	Smith said he called the woman an expletive, and she threatened to 'ruin' him via social media.
6440	SMMT chief executive Mike Hawes said: "The automotive industry is already delivering growth that bucks the national trend and is poised, with the right framework, to accelerate the decarbonisation of the UK economy.
6441	Smoking rates in North Lanarkshire reached a record low last year, new figures show.
6442	's most important moments, the flow of events is broken up by unimportant adventures that have nothing to do with the series' core plot.
6443	Snag a great pair of headphones with active noise cancellation and multipoint connectivity for much less than flagship models.
6444	SNAP additionally provides people with more choices than food banks and helps support local economies, Meehan said, noting that in fiscal year 2022, Alaska received more than $350 million through SNAP benefits.
6445	Snap signs new music licensing deals to expand its Sounds librarytechcrunch.
6446	's new expedition vessel Seabourn Pursuit is a standout for the ultra-luxury line with beautiful design details by Tihany Design https://bit.
6447	's new SaaS software will address data mobility, storage and container management across multi-cloud environments and Kubernetes storage management.
6448	Snoop Dogg's Twitch streams have been fun for his fans to watch, and have produced some funny moments that have been reposted across social media platforms.
6449	Snowfall will increase throughout the day on Thursday, so the CAIC recommends watching for changing conditions from Thursday afternoon through Friday.
6450	's now-legendary take on Catwoman turned the character into a timeless cinematic icon.
6451	Snow removal of residential roads began Jan.
6452	So actions that further increase mistrust risk holding back these vital reforms.
6453	So after a couple of months, Biden moves onto the next category of NATO weapons – the Himars rocket launchers, in this example – and waits again.
6454	Soaking the bread in the milk and wine, making sure bread is totally soaked.
6455	So, all the inversion really occurs in the very front end.
6456	So always our final question: What are three books you would recommend to the audience?
6457	‘So anyone that comes down to the museum will actually be able to see behind the scenes and see how we do it.’
6458	“So appointing surgeons to a hospital to cater for the needs of its population does need the approval of a RCS.”
6459	"So as part of the search and rescue program we're usually rescuing people out of the mountains.
6460	So -- but the usage of power per byte will, of course, then go down.
6461	Social Anxiety Disorder (SAD) is a globally prevalent, chronic, debilitating affecting the youth at some point in their lives.
6462	Social worker and 'pillar of her community' Marcia Grant died when her Honda Accord car was reversed over her, outside her home, in Sheffield, South Yorkshire.
6463	So David, I would say the overall geography of the business is the total and going forward was the question I was addressing, we'd like to see more volume in all three of our businesses.
6464	So does your mind," Bello said.
6465	So, enjoy it for what it is, never take it too seriously and don’t allow it to take over your every waking moment.
6466	So, even if this isn’t showing up in G.D.P. figures or economic statistics or whatever, there is an energy to the people?
6467	So far I have only done one small event but I have a number of irons in the fire for the new year.”
6468	So far it’s gotten pretty easy to placate people with vague comments when I’m not working, but it’s getting harder.
6469	So far, it’s hard to argue that Canada is the one to do so.
6470	So far, most Spanish-language radio in the U.S. has been focused on music and entertainment, not news or commentary.
6471	So far that has been the case.
6472	So far, the new State Department office has seemed slow to act. “Having the ambassador named is helpful and that certainly shows some level of commitment from the Biden administration,” McConnell said.
6473	's official bio for Ellie Williams is listed as 14. The video game's 2033 setting puts her birth in 2019, well after the plague had arrived and the old world has collapsed.
6474	So finally, seeing it come to fruition amid great turmoil is always very frustrating.
6475	So, focus on developing a brand personality.
6476	So, for example, it is not addressed at all when discussing European culture," she said.
6477	“So, for me, that’s all I can do is look back on experiences I’ve already had in my life and hopefully the guys on the team can respond,” Jones continued.
6478	So for the last year or two he’s been self-employed, driving for Uber, delivering DoorDash orders, pet sitting – whatever pays the bills.
6479	So, fundamentally, it's two things he does.
6480	So he learned by observation.
6481	So here is the latest injury news and possible return dates for the players who are currently sidelined.
6482	So, he's one heck of a player to play with and it makes it easier for us in the backcourt and in the paint, for sure."
6483	So he started a Patreon where he posted shirtless pics.
6484	So Humphrey (blocking ability) and Hinton (feel in middle of the field) get the nod.
6485	So I don’t think that’s gonna shake him at all.”
6486	So if they are a cooperative and guaranteed by the government, the banks are already there to help them,” Medina said.
6487	“So if you had told me that when I moved to Shetland I’d have written a book not only about Shetland but also about my body, I’d have laughed.
6488	So, if you think they need it, consult a veterinarian, use a blanket if necessary.
6489	"So I gave him mine.
6490	So I guess that's what I can say about your question.
6491	So, I have a lot of confidence in myself when I go toe-to-toe with an amazing stunt team.
6492	So I just wanted to start with that, with the Darlington radiation news, could you give us a sense of how this impacts the time frame for potential approval?
6493	So, I mean a lot of different things going on and a lot going on here at CES.
6494	So I read, “Faith will never die as long as colored seed catalogues are printed” and I was a believer if ever there was one.
6495	So I think it’s a very beneficial program.
6496	So I think your perspective is the right one.
6497	So it's great to show that side of where I'm from."
6498	"So it’s, in essence, the apology that was requested as the part of the plea, though she did not have to say anything publicly, but she chose to, and I thought it was a good move.
6499	So it was a good experience for me.”
6500	'So I went out onto the balcony to have a look and saw a pile of rubble on the ground.
6501	So just always give everything a try.
6502	Solano, who has a Puerto Rican and Italian mother and a Black father, wanted to fuse all of that heritage and culture into a rich texture of spice and flavor.
6503	Solapur Street is one of several dusty lanes in Wadi Bunder area lined with warehouses storing goods being shipped to and from the nearby Mazgaon dockyard.
6504	So long, my publisher, confidant, boss, mentor…
6505	Solo then landed a Samoan Drop for a two count.
6506	"Somali government closes 250 bank accounts, 70 mobile money accounts", SONNA, 14 January 2023.
6507	So maybe Omira actually is a genius and maybe all this stuff really did happen to him?
6508	So maybe taking a step back, we're being able to grow year-on-year on constant currency and excluding COVID at 37%, while in the meantime, we're being basically able to improve our gross profit year-on-year by 47%, right?
6509	So maybe talk about that relationship?
6510	Some are too high for a human to see through them, making it deliberately difficult to access the world behind the fabric.
6511	Some basketball fans believe Myers saved himself from an awkward situation with Draymond Green.
6512	Some believe this phone call might’ve been Toby’s confession as he was hunted by the law.
6513	Somebody asked both musicians how much longer they would continue performing live.
6514	Somebody knew but nobody listened!
6515	Some business leaders in the north are confident that the opportunities afforded by the status – which was announced by the Prime Minister, Rishi Sunak, in a visit to the Highlands earlier this month – can be felt around the whole region.
6516	Some business women in Kaduna metropolis have called on the newly elected Governor of Kaduna state, Sen. Uba Sani, to empower Small and Medium Business (SMEs) when he assumes power.
6517	Some close up of the damage to the houses at the top end of Holt Road pic.
6518	Some family members of the American hostages spoke to Biden in a video call on October 13.
6519	Some have their financial affairs looked after by the home.
6520	Somehow those course offerings didn’t require an act of the Oregon legislature.
6521	Some individuals, following the accusation, allegedly brutalised the woman, inflicted bodily injury on her, stripped her and circulated videos of her nakedness on various social media platforms.
6522	"Some locations may well miss them all together but all we can do now is indicate that there is a risk across both countries."
6523	Some of that is being rectified with newer cards.
6524	Some of the clippers abuse optical character recognition to extract text from screenshots and steal cryptocurrency wallet recovery phrases.
6525	Some of the fisherfolk who were involved in the relief operations stated that they were mistreated later when they were in need of help.
6526	Some of the greatest filmmakers working today often work in Spanish stories, from Pedro Almodovar to Guillermo del Toro.
6527	Some of them were resting and some were playing back and forth among the branches, not affected by the weather at all.
6528	Some of those changes are not always pleasant, such as software so full of "extras," it gets flagged as malware by (Opens in a new tab).
6529	Someone really needs to punch this little shithead in the face, or kick him in the dick.
6530	Some passengers became sick from the smell and made use of the boat's lower-deck bathrooms, Bass said.
6531	Some people breathe guitar playing, while others prefer a more casual approach — and the perfect gift should reflect that.
6532	Some people did something absolutely terrible to a defenseless animal.
6533	Some people feel that the miracle they’ve been praying for is finally here, and they are glad to leave behind their identity as the “chubby friend” or the “gentle giant” and cross the border to Thinness.
6534	Some people leave small offerings to appease them.
6535	Some people who knew dead Wagner Group fighters interpret their deaths as “for the motherland.”
6536	Somers undertook a modeling career, and while working as a prize model on the syndicated game show “The Anniversary Game,” which was produced in San Francisco, she became romantically involved with its Canada-born host Hamel, who was then married.
6537	Some scientists say the impact of long-term, low-dose exposure to radionuclides is unknown and the release should be delayed or contained in cement for use in construction materials.
6538	Some scientists, though, say that the drug’s benefit is modest and there are strong side effects to take into consideration.
6539	Some simple measures to keep your home safe from burglars includes ensuring your house is secure, locking doors and windows, removing keys from locks and out of reach of windows and doors.
6540	Some Spanish-language content is also available.
6541	Some species require a butterfly lover (aka lepidopterist) to confirm proper identification.
6542	So, meters, whether they'd be mechanical or ultrasonic, that's in that -- meters are about 85% annual replacement volume.
6543	Sometimes, plants poop out in the center (ornamental grasses, I’m talking to you).
6544	“Sometimes she’ll drive to a quiet dirt path, park, and just kind of meditate,” TMZ’s News Director Brad Appleton claimed.
6545	“Sometimes the player has a change of heart,” said Burke.
6546	Sometimes this can be particularly pronounced in children and it can last over a year after the event.”
6547	Sometimes we buy more base fluids.
6548	Some tried “manifesting” the coveted codes into their email inboxes, by chanting affirmations and burning candles in Swift’s honour.
6549	Some victims may never be found.
6550	So much was lost so quickly and any help is greatly appreciated.”
6551	'So my PhD is pretty cool then.
6552	Sonalleve has also been approved by the China National Medical Products Administration for the non-invasive treatment of uterine fibroids and has recently obtained FDA approval under Humanitarian Device Exemption for the treatment of osteoid osteoma.
6553	So, no new projects.
6554	So now, I’ve had the time to recover from that and I feel in a really good place.”
6555	So, once we had the idea, we had to wait for Thursday Night Football to come around.
6556	Soon he was making enough of a name in the surrealist community that artists were seeking him out.
6557	Soon, the mantels will make their way into his first Rizzoli book, due out in 2024.
6558	So on the number of sites, I think the number of sites will probably end up opening given the strong patient interest and the like getting the full 35. So we expect it will be somewhat less than 30. So that's the answer to that.
6559	So, out-of-season storms are not the norm but they do happen.
6560	Sophomore Charles Batsaikhan ’25 placed in 7th with another season best time of 1:47.24 in the 200-yard freestyle.
6561	Sophomore Deon King Jr. received some playing time last year as a freshman and totaled 12 tackles.
6562	• Sophomores Cady Carlson, Tiviana Andropolis and Ella Tarkowski, as well as senior Claire Bohn, in the sprints and relays.
6563	So, pickleballers have had to be creative and turn empty parking lots or courts into areas to play.
6564	Sorry Philly fan, but Hurts is getting paid $51 mill now so you can kiss your playoff dreams goodbye for the foreseeable future.
6565	So say you're at a party, you look at somebody's face, they're giving you kind of a neutral gaze.
6566	“So test every day for just five days?”
6567	So that's an area where we are spending time.
6568	“So, that was his message to me and hopefully I can follow in his trail.”
6569	So that would be about 60 basis points or so 50 basis points to 60 basis points?
6570	So the blockade comes with this when their demands are not being met and their voices are not being heard enough," he said.
6571	So, the day is also known as Indran.
6572	So, the only way to get pay increases after you get hired is through annual appraisal scores.”
6573	So, there could be a crisis coming in mid-November.
6574	"So there might very well be a need for a targeted program, but that is a totally separate discussion," said Brossard.
6575	“So, there’s a little story about Lance—there’s always a story with Lance.”
6576	So, this is a permanent cut.
6577	Soulslikes have developed their own subgenre within the gaming space, but FromSoftware could be poised to take the games to a whole new level.
6578	Sounds like talking points by the gun manufacturers and NRA.
6579	Sources of vitamin D for humans.
6580	“South Africa’s solution lies in the diminishing and decentralisation of power,” stated Solidarity.
6581	Southampton City Council has also been contacted for comment.
6582	South Carolina elects too many executive-branch officers.
6583	South Carolina holds a 14-game win streak over Vanderbilt.
6584	South Carolina's Dakereon Joyner is working at running back during spring practice.
6585	Southern California Edison wants to replace the existing wooden poles with ones that could reach up to 180 feet in height, to help bring more power to Riverside.
6586	South Korean Ambassador to the Philippines Lee Sang-hwa answers questions from the media on the sidelines of Korea’s National Foundation Day reception in Taguig City on Tuesday (Oct. 3, 2023).
6587	South of the Border, the Local Government Association, which represents councils in England and Wales, is calling on the UK Government for a wider ban on the sale and manufacturing of vapes by next year.
6588	So we are very excited about COPD in getting this to patients.
6589	So we have to do it by committee.”
6590	So, we need to cushion ourselves sufficiently against any shock that can happen,” Sitharaman said.
6591	So we're going to continue to maintain those relationships, drive them and hopefully be able to supply them at the right quantity and timing as those things escalate.
6592	Sowere was at the event, quoted as saying that “our combination is the most powerful kinetic combination in the history of Nigeria”.
6593	So we thought, what if everyone could call and talk with one person, just someone respectful?
6594	So, what does Adams do?
6595	So, what do these all areas of technology have in common?
6596	So, what solutions can organizations put in place to help users stay in the safety zone?
6597	So what's the focus here?
6598	So when exactly has he taken the heat?
6599	So when it came time to create a force that propelled story, Jeff Loveness was on the same page as returning director Peyton Reed.
6600	So when the shelling and shooting started, I barricaded my family inside our house.
6601	So, why is car theft going up so drastically at DIA when it’s decreasing statewide and in the city as a whole?
6602	So why not just drink a shot of vinegar?
6603	So with that, obviously, if there are more questions, feel free to reach out to us off-line.
6604	So yes: “Ensuring that we have foreign direct investment across an array of industries, including in LNG, is an important part of how we’re going to have a strong economy going forward.”
6605	So you can pick up a little bit of speed.”
6606	“So you go into a new year and you’re reminded of all the pain that you might have (experienced), the disappointment.
6607	So you have to sit there for like 15 minutes, and you just cast your line out, wait for a bite, move back so you have a little bit of time to look around and soak everything in. Like the Lochs during thunderstorms?
6608	So you’ll have to experiment to find the optimum positioning to get the sound you want to get.
6609	So you might have to diversify.
6610	So you're going to represent this program the rest of your life, and we've got to make sure we prepare them the best way."
6611	So, you’re responsible for hiring race engineers, each of whom has a speciality such as bodywork or engines, and there’s a chief engineer whose abilities can be upgraded via a skill tree.
6612	Spacey was granted unconditional bail ahead of a pre-trial review hearing in April.
6613	Spann-Ford was targeted 13 times and caught five passes for a season-high 59 yards, including a 20-yard TD grab that gave the Gophers an early 7-0 lead.
6614	Sparta Boss had to settle for the $500,000 runner-up prize.
6615	Spartak made another small tweak to the ChatGPT recipe by using chicken in place of lamb along with lime, paprika and other spices as chicken is more popular with their customers.
6616	Speaking about his heroic acts, Marc said: “I didn’t think it was a big deal, but after getting the award, I’m proud of myself now”.
6617	Speaking about those successes with the Norfolk FA, she said: “My biggest achievement is winning Bronze in Italy and it was the best team.
6618	Speaking after being picked up mid-season, Hardie labelled the deal with Geelong a "dream come true".
6619	Speaking at the burial service she attended with her sister, Ms Jordan said: “Getting a letter five months ago from JCCC suggesting I could be related to a fallen First World War soldier whose body had been recently discovered was quite a shock.
6620	Speaking of popular brands, we’ve spotted some Sony earbuds with a whopping £100 saving.
6621	Speaking on the occasion, Shah said 95 per cent of the work of creating the national cooperative database has been completed.
6622	Speaking to the media before Friday's clash with Castleford Tigers, Giants head coach Watson was asked about the current situation regarding Savelio's potential to become a Huddersfield player once his contract expires.
6623	Speaking to the players and officials Gusau lauded the spirited efforts of the squad and implored them to do even better against the opponents in the last four.
6624	Specifically, it was the release of two films () that left them, as well as critics at the time, mostly perplexed about what these adaptations even were.
6625	Speedy Eats installed its 12th fridge unit on Wednesday as the company continues its first phase of expansion in the Capital Region.
6626	Spinner: The person who throws the coins up in the air at the traditional 'Come in Spinner' call.
6627	Spins expire 72 hours from issue.
6628	Spire Wealth Management now owns 431 shares of the basic materials company’s stock valued at $41,000 after buying an additional 305 shares during the last quarter.
6629	Spirulina is a type of blue-green algae and is considered one of the most nutrient dense foods on the planet.
6630	Spitting tobacco and gutka on roads and the trees nearby can't go unnoticed.
6631	Spokesperson Matt Mosteller says resort staff and management do all they can to host different events that are important to the community.
6632	Spontaneous limb failure can be another consequence of humid warmth.
6633	Sports used to be a way to bring people together, even while rooting for different teams.
6634	Spread satisfaction, move kilometers, be current at trials May this season provides achievements, Pleasures and wants the better way of way of lifestyle.
6635	Spread the love this Valentine’s Day by shopping for gifts at small businesses.
6636	Sprinkle with some finely chopped pistachios (or nibs) to finish.
6637	Staff at the women's prison, between Uttoxeter and Burton-on-Trent, have been leading horticulture classes that have seen the prison grounds 'bloom'.
6638	Staff from Paraquad, a disability services and support organization in St. Louis, and STLMetropolitan Alliance for Reliable Transit (SMART) were interviewed by Assistant U.S. Attorney Regan Hildebrand in September.
6639	Staff members’ strong subject knowledge was praised and the inspection team were very positive about the work the academy carries out supporting parents.
6640	Stahelski and his team used Belgian Malinois dogs in the last two movies because they are intelligent problem solvers and look cool on screen.
6641	Standard panniers will also fit the rear rack, while a front rack and basket are available options.
6642	Startups play a critical role in challenging the status quo and demanding better.
6643	“Start up top, and that’s where the solution starts,” Chen said.
6644	Star Wars Jedi: Survivor's best platforming moments see players string all of these abilities together in one long combo, going a long way in making them feel like this all-powerful Jedi Knight.
6645	State Insurance Commissioner Mike Causey said he supports efforts to curb driving under the influence, as rising cases put pressure on the state’s automobile insurance rates.
6646	State of Michigan Retirement System now owns 9,355 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $1,349,000 after purchasing an additional 100 shares in the last quarter.
6647	State revenues for 2023-24 are expected to decline.
6648	State Senator Pavel Payano (D-Lawrence) said, “This funding will ensure GLSD continues to have robust water quality monitoring systems and proper management of our region’s wastewater networks.
6649	State Street Corp lifted its holdings in shares of Avangrid by 1.8% in the 3rd quarter.
6650	Statewide, voters will consider competing propositions to make it easier or harder to raise taxes.
6651	Statistics show are filled with personal or professional connections.
6652	Stay ahead of queer scandals and subscribe to the for the latest LGBTQ+ entertainment news.
6653	Staying in full time education is crucial to their future life chance.
6654	St. Cloud’s 2nd Park: Where was it?
6655	Stealing from our grandchildren.
6656	Steele is a known commodity in the sports world.
6657	Steel passed away from illness at the age of 95 in October 2021.
6658	Steinburg said no full-time positions are impacted and many of the part-time faculty teach or can teach in other programs at the college.
6659	Stem cells are often considered the building block of life since they mature into other types of cells.
6660	Step 3 – Infiltrate other industries, subverting them to serve LOLtron's agenda.
6661	Stephanie Hogan is a digital producer with CBC News, based in Toronto.
6662	Step into a shopping time machine at the Time Warp Super Sale.
6663	Stepping up to the 350 4Matic or 500 4Matic drops you down to 260 miles, so a further hit down to 225 miles is to be expected out of the performance model.
6664	STERIS plc has a 1 year low of $159.21 and a 1 year high of $254.00.
6665	St. Francis’s Allesio Milivojevic (11) stands in the pocket and looks for a receiver against Fenwick.
6666	Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price objective on Procter & Gamble from $139.00 to $147.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Friday, January 20th.
6667	Stifel Nicolaus lifted their target price on shares of Microsoft from $320.00 to $380.00 and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research note on Thursday, July 20th.
6668	Still, despite this, these stories have some appeal.
6669	Still, Peach has had relatively few chances to be the main character, with the 2005 title Super Princess Peach as the rare exception.
6670	Still struggling here, nothing is changing.
6671	Still, the East Palestine accident showed how even one derailment involving hazardous materials can be devastating.
6672	Stipp and Signorini’s “ ” was a Video Essay finalist.
6673	St. Jude United Holy Church, Clinton, N.C. Pastor: Elder Patrick D. Cooper.
6674	Stoke Gabriel (133-8) defeated Heathcoat II (125-9) by eight runs in the other semi-final.
6675	Stop letting your laggy and outdated machine hold you back, and treat yourself to an upgrade.
6676	Stop thinking about all that!
6677	Stormare’s Lucifer is repulsive but funny, mocking, and toying with Constantine.
6678	Storm chasers and photographers were quick to post pictures of the Cassia County tornado on social media, showing a thin rope tornado extending from clouds and touching down below.
6679	Storm Gerrit is set to batter Coventry and Warwickshire with 44mph winds today, Thursday, December 28. The wet and windy weather which lashed our region yesterday shows no sign of let up today.
6680	"Storm really does deserve to be cherished with her own family where she can forget about her past and enjoy her future."
6681	Strangely underrated, unique spin on the post-apocalypse makes it one of the best action shows on Netflix.
6682	Strategic Wealth Investment Group LLC raised its holdings in AT&T by 37.8% during the 2nd quarter.
6683	Streamlining regulation to accelerate renewable energy development is a plan that both parties can embrace.
6684	Stress and anxiety might be a big culprit, if you’re lying in bed with racing thoughts at 3am – and how we respond to night-waking plays a big part.
6685	Stress presents differently in men and women in terms of prevalence and symptoms.
6686	Striker Sarina Bolden scored the Filipinas’ first goal only in the fifth minute when she beat Hong Kong defenders Chung See and Ng Cheuk Wai.
6687	Striking that perfect balance between blonde hair and maintaining hair health is key.
6688	Stroll, Hulkenberg, Sargeant, Ocon and Magnussen currently in the bottom five.
6689	Strong performances from the likeable cast make up for the rather cheesy plot, and the soundtrack may be dated, but it’s still a toe-tapper.
6690	Student numbers, in particular, were sensitive to “movement restrictions in student source countries”, it said.
6691	Students and faculty who have the 75-minute classes back-to-back on their schedule will now have more time to get to class.
6692	Students and staff created a new wildflower area at the St John’s Campus in March last year, one of several wildflower areas on the site.
6693	Students can still access some resources and study spaces while the investigation is ongoing.
6694	Students create two murals showcasing iconic symbols chosen by them.
6695	Students eligible for the dean’s list with high distinction have a GPA of 3.85 to 4.0.
6696	Students from Rosignol Secondary School participate at the Nexgen Golf Academy in preparation for their SBA for CSEC PE golf this year.
6697	Students like Maridel Hidalgo credit the program for making a significant positive impact on their lives.
6698	Students will engage with local financial and journalism experts giving them the opportunity to expand their networks and produce more in-depth stories and economic news.
6699	Students will receive free admission to this game.
6700	“Studies have shown the average make-up brush can contain dead skin cells, oil and bacteria, which can be transferred between the product and the face.
6701	Studio Squash spent the entire fall semester creating their production.
6702	Studying a pattern like this used to be called "science."
6703	Sturdivant, who had 65 receptions for 755 yards and seven touchdowns at Cal last season, has three years of eligibility remaining but can safely be called junior.
6704	Stylistically, the RZ 450e is exquisite inside and out.
6705	Stylistic choices appear to merge grit and supernatural, a combination rife for visual success.
6706	Submit a video memory for inclusion in the Capitol Legacy Showcase.
6707	Such a vergence would fit perfectly with the Campbellian Hero's Journey.
6708	Such projects, he opined, will serve as the economic corridors to ease interstate movements and promote socioeconomic integration within the region.
6709	Sudan, a country at the crossroads of the Middle East and Sub-Saharan Africa, is known for its history of military coups and since it gained independence in 1950s.
6710	“Suffice it to say, there are various scenarios that don’t end well for, in my opinion, the PLA and the CCP,” Krishnamoorthi said.
6711	Summer 2023 was a season of new flavours, which proved popular with ice cream connoisseurs.
6712	Summerville senior running back Trae Green rushed for more than 200 yards and three touchdowns to end that four-game losing streak to their rivals as the Green Wave completed a perfect regular season with a 48-28 win at McKissick Field.
6713	Sunak added that the deep bond between the two nations came not only from shared heritage and the links between the people, including through education, the arts, and sport, but also the unique relationship through the Commonwealth.
6714	Sunak finds himself leading a party irreconcilably divided and in no mood to find common ground, just months away from an election.
6715	Sunday, Sept. 10, at 2 p.m., the Village of Hamilton will host the annual Great Train Wreck Celebration.
6716	Super Eagles defender has urged his teammates to focus on today’s rescheduled Scottish Premier League tie against St Johnstone amid the celebration of their Viaplay Cup triumph last weekend.
6717	Supermarket senior executives from Tesco, Asda, Morrisons and Sainsbury’s have been questioned by MPs over eye-watering food inflation.
6718	Supervisor Williams, you all failed miserably in your handling of this issue.
6719	Support is so minimal, one professional describes it as, “a lolly stick moving an iceberg”.
6720	Sure enough, that's exactly what happened.
6721	Sure enough, the Buckeyes pulled off another shocker, beating the fourth-seeded Spartans 68-58 to advance to Saturday’s semifinals against the Boilermakers.
6722	Sure, fine, but not Mayim.
6723	Surely this is dangerous travelling.
6724	Surfaces were cleaned, and air quality was monitored throughout the day.
6725	Surprisingly, Hiro added that Bernstein was something of a hero for him, growing up.
6726	Survey BC Seniors is calling on volunteers in Langley to support a project aimed at improving the quality of life of the province’s 29,000 plus long-term care residents.
6727	Surya Namaskar is also highly recommended for optimum utilization of the lungs and the respiratory system, expanding and contracting the air sacs or alveoli of the lungs and preventing the buildup of germs and respiratory diseases.
6728	Suspects have been identified in the case and they are believed to be teenagers from west Dublin.
6729	Suspicious - The school has sent an email to the parents of pupils after the man was sighted.
6730	Svitlana Dzedzei and Ludlow mayor, Councillor Glenn Ginger, at the official unveiling.
6731	“Sweden, don’t even bother!
6732	Sweet Maria’s also has some amazing roasting guides that can teach your coffee lover how to roast with a popcorn popper.
6733	SXSW (South by Southwest) is an annual music, film, media and technology festival and conference that takes place in Austin, Texas every March.
6734	Sydney Airport recorded the hottest December day since records began in 1929 reaching 43.5C at 1pm.
6735	Sympathetic restoration of the original building, which has been extended, has retained the eye-catching arched windows in the lounge and principal bedroom and created a large kitchen/diner with separate utility room and three bathrooms.
6736	Tahnee starts prepping for Christmas on Day, hitting the shops to bag bargains on presents and decorations.
6737	Take a chance, get involved.
6738	Take a look at this stunning country home in a semi-rural setting in Wrexham.
6739	Take away a few boneheaded early-game errors, and either of those could have been a Patriots victory.
6740	Take, for example, The Pursuit of Happyness, where their onscreen dynamic helps the film pack an extra effective emotional punch.
6741	Take in your empty perfume bottle and exchange it for a 15 per cent discount.
6742	Taken from the July / August 2020 issue of Ireland of the Welcomes magazine.
6743	Take the PNC’s obsession with the “poverty” in their constituency.
6744	Taking a plunge on a $1 game is fine, but $15 isn't quite an impulse purchase.
6745	Taking both an organizational individual approach, help your managers identify and address mental health risks on their teams, such as poor workload management and low role clarity, to support productivity and well-being.
6746	“Taking on this role at such a unique time gives me the opportunity to continue focusing on the rapidly growing and dynamic space technology sector while building upon the relationships I’ve established in the industry.”
6747	Taking the bus is a cost-effective and sustainable way of getting around and we hope people see that and use our services.”
6748	Taking to the post’s caption, Neekolul credited Stella Chuu with the cosplay outfit and thanked Hyoon’s art for the inspiration.
6749	Taking to Twitter, Mr Anderson said: “Note to the Left.
6750	Takumi has held his own against Yukihira multiple times and proves how great of a chef he is with each new challenge.
6751	TALAY’AN NGO also said the incident mirrors myriad challenges the country’s LGBTQ+ community is facing.
6752	Talking of his time in Shropshire, Harry said: "I was living in Shropshire, with Willy, who was also training to become a pilot.
6753	“Tall Ampersand,” an art piece by San Diego artist Matt Rich.
6754	Tallgrass prairie habitats store carbon in the soil and these endangered plant communities have been in steady decline in Ontario over recent decades (Image courtesy/Bruce Trail Conservancy).
6755	TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Victor Hedman scored the go-ahead goal with 6:31 remaining and Tampa Bay beat Boston to tie a team record with its 11th straight home victory.
6756	Tankers carrying Russian oil use sophisticated technology to hide their locations, probably to avoid U.S. sanctions.
6757	Tarbuck and Rodriguez could not be reached for further comment.
6758	Target Corp (NYSE: TGT) has been at the center of a socio-political controversy in recent weeks, with a clash between left and right-wing ideologies on full display.
6759	Tasker wrote about the negative impacts of law enforcement in schools, saying that they have historically contributed to the school-to-prison pipeline.
6760	Task force deputy commander and senior national officer for the NZDF contingent, Colonel Duncan George, said NZDF personnel would be working alongside their Australian and Pacific partners to support the RSIPF with security for the Games.
6761	Tata Sons' current chairman N Chandrasekaran also offered condolences for Krishnakumar's “enormous contribution” to the Tata Group.
6762	Taxis in some Kent towns could carry card machines as standard in a move which has been met with mixed feelings from cab drivers.
6763	Taylor Swift fans hoping to nab tickets for her Aviva Stadium gigs have been glued to their devices throughout the day.
6764	Taylor Swift, Travis Kelce’s parents spend Christmas together watching football pic.
6765	Taylor writes about First Nations culture, and uniquely in WDSS history, the entire cast of the WDSS production is Indigenous.
6766	Taypark House Hotel is a popular venue for weddings and weekend getaways.
6767	TCS management talked of “slow” decision-making in Europe and said it is “fairly constructive” when it comes to markets like the US, although it is keeping a close watch on how things play out over the next couple of quarters.
6768	TD Synnex really helps Meta’s business to scale and quickly deploy.”
6769	Teacher strikes: Will schools close in England and Wales?
6770	Teaching Service Board (TSB) employed 2,500, that is, for Grant-in-Aid Schools, four in number, 120 Teachers.
6771	Team LogicIT is a franchise, which Fallows says is extremely helpful for business support.
6772	Teammate David Etzkorn had 27 carries for 158 yards and a touchdown.
6773	Teams have to have their rosters down to 53 players by Tuesday, which is why the Colts have unofficially made that the deadline for a Taylor trade.
6774	Teams helped to extinguish the fire and ventilate the area.
6775	Tech major IBM has said that its prototype 'brain-like' chip could make artificial intelligence (AI) more energy efficient.
6776	Technologists have long warned that monopoly power in tech companies is increasing systemic risk.
6777	Tech stocks were the ones hurt the most but the selloff was broad and is now spilling over to European stocks today.
6778	Teddy Jamieson: When will our fascination with Yesterday end?
6779	Temperatures are set to plummet to below freezing in parts of Dorset, with elderly and vulnerable people 'at risk.'
6780	Ten days after Cannon… pic.
6781	Tendulkar had played an incredible innings of 143 runs against Australia at the stadium in April 1998 during a One-Day International match that was later known as ‘Desert Storm’.
6782	"Tennis is the number one professional women’s sport in the world, with a huge fan base and commercial opportunity," she said.
6783	Term-limited Mayor Michael Hancock deposited his ballot in the drop box outside the election division office at West 14th Avenue and Bannock Street on Friday.
6784	“Tests were done in the pitch-black dark, nothing like you see in a film,” Mr Hall said.
6785	Text messages from her were also released, which appear to show her taking responsibility for what happened.
6786	TFO TDC LLC purchased a new position in shares of Tesla during the second quarter valued at approximately $27,000.
6787	Thankfully, Simon is still alive and well, and he’ll surely be entertaining fans for years to come.
6788	Thanks as always for listening and posting!
6789	Thanks to an incredibly tricky macroeconomic environment and a Fed that continues to move dangerously close to a major policy error, we're in a situation where low-risk alternatives like bonds have reached favorable yields.
6790	Thanks to Oblockovich, Dick’s will also maintain its well-earned reputation for dessert.
6791	Thanks to the variety of Royal Tools at players' disposal, there's quite a variety of activities to do, even in Early Access.
6792	Thank you again for joining the call and taking the time to get an update on our business.
6793	Thank you, Chanya.
6794	Thank you, everybody."
6795	Thank you for coming to my shower.
6796	"Thank you for constantly making music that everyone, even kids, can be part of.
6797	Thank you for helping me with these insecurities."
6798	Thank you, Juergen.
6799	Thank you, Justin, and welcome everyone to this afternoon’s call.
6800	Thank you so much Kayla.
6801	Thank you to all contributors!
6802	That agreement stemmed from a damning Commission of Inquiry (COI) report on the state of the territory’s governance and helped to stave of direct rule by the UK, as recommended in the report.
6803	That appeared to be the end of the Camp Lejeune water contamination story.
6804	“That balance will be there, and each delegate region has a different effect on their different communities, whether it’s infrastructure, housing, community development, economic development, and so forth.
6805	That being said, iOS 17 beta also has its fair share of problems.
6806	"That being said, we do feel as though it should have been approved with conditions," Mr Tadros said.
6807	That bit where he seduces the widow of a man he recently murdered.
6808	That can happen, that's the reality.
6809	That changed with the Alqam home, which under the administration of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was sealed within 48 hours of the January 27 attack.
6810	That didn’t work — isolation is a defining characteristic of North Korea’s existence.
6811	That effort and attitude are as important as anything else we do.
6812	That gives them a cash runway of another 4-5 quarters.
6813	That goes especially for Juliet Rylance's Della Street and Chris Chalk's Paul Drake, Mason's co-counsel and investigator respectively.
6814	That group now accounts for close to half of domestic consumption.
6815	That growth has slowed in 2023, but fuel prices continue to hold it aloft.
6816	That happened to be the number 35 which ran its shift before humming quietly back to the city's depot on a Saturday night.
6817	That implies almost 610% upside potential.
6818	That includes rapidly reducing from all economic sectors.
6819	That in itself is less than ideal but Ten hag has already outlined what he expects from all those who have their hand in the United pie.
6820	That, in turn, has raised questions about the state of their more than 20-year-old political marriage, and whether the two sides will take steps to initiate a divorce.
6821	That, in turn, shapes the world we live in” (online).
6822	That is a business that continues to under-promise and over-deliver.
6823	That is a sign of a winner.
6824	"That is a suggestion that if you repeat this language or these criticisms, then you will be subject to disciplinary consequences that go beyond formal censure," he said.
6825	That is considered antisemitic.
6826	That is driving our standards.”
6827	That is going to hypercharge the economy.
6828	That is the redevelopment of the former Spencer’s textile mill property in downtown Mount Airy which the city government bought in 2014.
6829	That is the underlying feature of Collegium,” Chandrachud said.
6830	That is to say, it is much riskier for you to invest in clinical-stage companies.
6831	That is to take the team until we're told differently.
6832	That is true today, too: Newsom’s role as the…
6833	“That is why we are really excited – because we think it will be very hard for bacteria to evolve resistance against albicidin-derived antibiotics.”
6834	That little run was enough on its own to effectively silence any talk of relegation, even after suffering three straight defeats to Chelsea, Everton and Tottenham Hotspur either side of the late-March international break.
6835	That’ll teach me.
6836	That means a store that wants to order at least one copy of each must order eighteen copies of Action Comics 1050.
6837	That money can pay for capital and operations expenses.
6838	That part of the business has always been healthy.
6839	That people still have the resources to spend, hire and buy doesn’t change that voters may rationally conclude the economy is bad if it makes it harder for them to undertake economic activity.
6840	That presents the chance for a few on-and-off showers.
6841	That raises another question: are the Devils built with too much skill and not enough size or grit to go the distance in a seven-game series?
6842	That’s $1 million each year.
6843	That’s 3.78 per cent, or $87, more than in 2022.
6844	That's a churlish, conservative-style assessment.
6845	That's a fair question, and I'm not really sure how to answer it.
6846	That said, it doesn’t make it any easier.”
6847	That said, it starts at $27,490, making it cheaper than the Tucson.
6848	That said, the 26-year-old Texan is the betting favorite – along with Rory McIlroy, according to FanDuel Sportsbook – as he sets his sights on another green jacket.
6849	That said, they never had the Panthers in trouble either and were clearly second best.
6850	That said, you can close the camera shutter and shut off the mic for more privacy.
6851	That’s all I remembered until after the operation.”
6852	That’s all we can ask for.”
6853	“That’s a lot of history and friendship there, that doesn’t change overnight,” she said.
6854	That’s an unconventional approach in the current NFL, but it works for the Titans.
6855	“That’s as good a test as we’re going to see this early in the season,” Oregon State coach Wayne Tinkle said.
6856	That’s at www.city-journal.org. We’ll link to his author page there in the description.
6857	That's cold, dude.
6858	That’s considerably less than the risk premium we have in our embedded value.
6859	That sentence is already funny in itself.
6860	“That’s Gary as a coach, too.
6861	“That’s going to be worth me getting my first passport just to go,” Davis said.
6862	"That should be taken as a message that the BOJ is leaving the YCC behind gradually,"
6863	That should correlate to increasing share prices as markets will appreciate the growth and Honeywell’s IoT potential.
6864	That signals a turnaround for the company, which is a top-of-mind investment in the BNPL space overall.
6865	That’s, in part, because a lot of those people aren’t even aware they’re in an information war to begin with.
6866	"That's not cool to come up to someone to punch them in the head for no reason," Deandrea Crossland said.
6867	That’s not my character to want people to pity me.
6868	That’s not the right thing to do.”
6869	“That’s particularly difficult for people whose income streams have been interrupted, like what if somebody has lost the breadwinner for their family.”
6870	That’s part of what I think our scheduling has always focused on and flex has been a part of that.
6871	“That’s terribly dangerous” says May, heard over the ref mic.
6872	“That’s the bad news.
6873	That’s the card, and it’s likely this is it.
6874	"That's their plan at this stage.
6875	That’s the way Dylan addresses life.”
6876	That's the whole in the end: A single guess provides you with information that you then need to use to narrow down the list of subsequent guesses.
6877	That still looks some way off, suggesting buyers’ budgets are going to remain constrained and that there is a little way to go before house prices bottom out.'
6878	That’s true both for…
6879	That's when a cold front will start its run from the northwest.
6880	That’s when he and Iowa head coach Lisa Bluder agreed this match had to be played “in front of somebody next year.”
6881	That’s where I got fit and began to be able to get the scores I needed to get into the GB Rowing squad.”
6882	“That’s where I’m at these days.
6883	“That’s why I am happy to be selling my land to a family company, a company owned by my friends and fellow car dealers.”
6884	That’s why Novak Djokovic would like to expand the coaching rules.
6885	That's why they're celebrating the entire process of the competition and all the amazing talent that has entered.
6886	That's why they say it.
6887	That’s why we need to see the nature of the agreement,” he posited.
6888	That’s why we wear scary costumes to repel the spirits.
6889	That this is problematic was known four years ago, when vulnerabilities in the video calling application were exploited by the malware to infect several journalists via a missed call from numbers registered in eastern European countries.
6890	That was 70,650 more homeless people — or 12 percent — than a year earlier and the highest number since figures began being collected in 2007.
6891	“That was a test of, ‘Do you really believe in the analytics or not?’
6892	That was followed by Mayor Tom Guzzo’s annual holiday dinner at the city’s nearby No. 1 fire hall on Fourth Avenue.
6893	"That was personal."
6894	That was the only Pfeiffer cross country team to win the CVAC Championship during the university’s time at the NCAA Division II level.
6895	"That was the start of it," Sergeant Cooke said, "then David Cameron and Theresa May removed our rights to collective bargaining and arbitration."
6896	That was when my eyes opened.
6897	That way instead of just them smelling you, you can smell the creatures too, or you can come across the tracks and see how old those are.
6898	That will take money – estimated at £250million – but Learmonth is determined to preserve his dividend track record, delivering quarterly payouts even as the business expands and develops.
6899	That word "again" was striking - implying that perhaps previous Labour governments had spent too much.
6900	That year, the employee relations department of DuPont and 3M issued a questionnaire for information about workers’ pregnancies.
6901	The $30 billion deal to shore up First Republic Bank FRC was reportedly discussed by Treasury Secretary Janet Yellen, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell, and JPMorgan Chase & Co JPM CEO Jamie Dimon this week.
6902	The 12 victims, comprising both males and females, hail from Traditional Authorities Kapichi in Thyolo and Mabuka in Mulanje District.
6903	The 17-year-old has continued his winning run by getting to the quarter-finals of the competition, as well as progressing in the doubles competition and has been supported along the way by members of the club both at SW19 and at the club in Tettenhall.
6904	The 19-year-old travelled to France under Dyche and is being considered for a spell for what is likely to be another significant year in his development.
6905	The 2012-2014 timeframe saw the position reduced by ~75% at prices between ~$26 and ~$50.
6906	The 2016 Arbitral Ruling, on the other hand, invalidated China’s “nine-dash line” claim, which served as China’s basis of their supposed militaristic expansion in the entire South China Sea region, including the zone along the West Philippine Sea.
6907	The 2022 Clinton County Fair came to a close Saturday night, capping off a tremendous run this year in both events on the schedule and fan attendance and participation.
6908	The 2022IALC report further reveals that a total of 44,954 farmers utilised 3,673.41 acres of land to grow chilli.
6909	The 2023/2024 National League season is still more than a month away but Chesterfield have done some strong transfer business so far.
6910	The 2023 CMT Music Awards will air live on CBS on Sunday, April 2. Fans will be able to stream the show live and on demand on Paramount+.
6911	The 2023 count was likely negatively affected by the warm early January weather, which allowed many wintering geese to roost and feed further inland away from survey routes.
6912	The 21-year-old has been suspended from matches and training since he was charged with attempted rape, assault and controlling and coercive behaviour in January 2022 — charges that which subsequently dropped in February 2023.
6913	The 22-year-old Brighton and Hove Albion footballer stopped by for a photo and chat with the team, as he helped encourage people to come and hear about Ava's story.
6914	The 22-year-old midfielder is an exciting capture for head coach Billy Dodds.
6915	The 22-year-old somewhat got away with her latest stamp as referee Rebecca Welch only showed a yellow card.
6916	The 23-year-old, who works in Oxxo, a supermarket chain in her native country, regularly posts videos of herself behind the till.
6917	The 25-year-old then joined Hayes and Yeading in the Southern League Premier Division where he impressed with five goals in 27 games, and that drop down the levels reignited a spark in him to make it.
6918	The 26-year-old forward has struggled to make an impact with Brendan Rodgers’ side and has managed one goal and assist in 14 Premier League appearances this season.
6919	The 26-year-old was already the talk of the competition at Potterâ€™s Resort, Norfolk earlier in the week when he knocked out defending singles champion, Englishman Les Gillett.
6920	The 28-year-old told the Track Limits podcast: ‘I was performing really well.
6921	The 30th and last event of the season always takes place under a health warning due to the stress it brings, but this week has been the mother of mental battles.
6922	The 31-year old was last seen in the St David’s area of Exeter at around 4am on Monday, May 29.
6923	The 350th went on a mission in Bremen on June 25th, with Cleven sitting in the right passenger seat of the lead plane, which was flown by pilot Norman Scott.
6924	The 3DS added glasses-free 3D.
6925	The 43-year-old was then pulled over and breathalysed when it was noted his "eyes were glazed" and he smelled of alcohol, prosecutors said.
6926	The 5,000mAh battery combined with 67W charging offers good battery backup as well.
6927	The 50-year-old has been out of work ever since, but is now on the verge of making his return to the dugout.
6928	The 550-page report filed by the police said that no corroborative evidence was found to support the allegations levelled in the FIR.
6929	The 65-year-old male passenger who was traveling in the front passenger seat of the Honda sustained fatal injuries due to the traffic collision and was pronounced dead at the scene at 3:05 p.m.
6930	The 68 year old said he jumped at the opportunity to work closer to home and described the excavation as ‘really great archaeology’ and ‘a great bit of English history'.
6931	The 6-foot-1, 175-pounder was the 2021 Class 5A state champion in the 200 meters, and runs a 10.69-second 100-meter dash.
6932	The A458 between the town and Coed y Dinas garden and home centre had been shut since around 8am.
6933	The Aaron Rodgers trade still isn't done.
6934	The abducted victim was in captivity for months, including prominent people in the society.
6935	The abilities of candidates are carefully tested by managers before they’re allowed to work with people through professional websites.
6936	The absence of the subject?
6937	"The abyss," he warned, "is within touching distance."
6938	The Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences rolled out the Oscars red carpet on Wednesday during a traditional event that hosted media, crew, show insiders and host Jimmy Kimmel.
6939	The acceptance and initiative of farmers’ collective will also be key in driving this transformation.
6940	The Access Tennis Foundation has recently completed its first ‘Couch to Court’ programme in Cleveragh Park, Sligo.
6941	The accused director of Shri Mahakali Cooperative Credit Society and its other group companies, allegedly lured people into investing money in several schemes, offering three times the profit.
6942	The act of female bodybuilding is an act of defiance'
6943	The actor had undergone back surgery earlier in August and recently returned to the hospital.
6944	The actor Julian Sands (Room with a View, Smallville) has been missing for about a month.
6945	” the actor said.
6946	The actor told us actors, stunt people, and contortionists would take turns entering the Marauder suit.
6947	The actress looked sensational, head-to-toe in designer of the moment, Victoria Beckham.
6948	The actress proposed during a New Year's Eve holiday in Nicaragua, with Joshua 'instinctively' saying yes.
6949	The adaptation of George Orwell’s classic tale of thought police, hidden cameras and the crushing power of the state resonates strongly in our current political moment.
6950	The additions of Moore, Edwards, and Davies seem to fit this approach.
6951	The address then swapped this USDC for DAI at a 1:1 ratio while also withdrawing over $30 million USDC from…
6952	The after-holiday push to get more healthy is, however, apparently deeply triggering for “anti-fatphobia” activists.
6953	The agency has yet to determine the cause of death but said the Consulate General is in close coordination with the Hong Kong Police authorities and will share all results with the next of kin accordingly.
6954	The agency is losing experienced attorneys, the request says.
6955	The agency said it was sending medical experts to help officials in Equatorial Guinea stop the outbreak and was also sending protective equipment for hundreds of workers.
6956	The agent also claimed that the boundary wall of the property, which formed the original kitchen and dining room, was ‘structurally unsafe’ with damp issues.
6957	The agriculture minister reminded farmers that water management is crucial now, especially during the dry weather period.
6958	The AgriPitch Competition is a central and recurring activity of the African Development Bank’s ENABLE Youth Program, sponsored by the Youth Entrepreneurship and Innovation Trust Fund of the Bank.
6959	The aid-man dragged him away from there, though.
6960	The aim of our marketing claims is always to provide accurate and useful information to our customers when they are browsing our website.
6961	The airport posted on X, formerly known as Twitter: "Flight operations are currently suspended due to heavier than forecast snow.
6962	The airship, as the Chinese called it, mainly served meteorological purposes, but according to Washington, the airship contained all kinds of observational equipment.
6963	The Air Touring starts at $108,900, and it delivers an EPA range of up to 425 miles and an astounding 140-MPGe EPA rating—better than any current Tesla.
6964	The alert identifies the woman as 34-year-old Manijeh “Mani” Starren.
6965	The alien beings can totally reshape their bodies to form any type of weapon, as well as possessing extreme stealth abilities that include shapeshifting and invisibility-level camouflage.
6966	The A-list pair tied the knot in 2018, two months after Justin proposed to Hailey.
6967	The Allahabad High Court on Thursday ruled that the ASI survey of the Gyanvapi mosque in Varanasi will continue on the ground that it does not harm anyone, dismissing the Muslim side's plea that the survey may damage the structure.
6968	The allegations and subsequent charges against Lanez unleashed several waves of misinformation and online vitriol aimed at the artist born Megan Pete, prompting conversations about misogynoir — a specific form of misogyny experienced by Black women.
6969	The alleged charge has been slammed by local authorities in Spain who have requested a meeting with the airline and the local pastry-makers’ association.
6970	The American Enterprise Institute’s 2019 American Perspectives Survey reveals some disturbing trends.
6971	The American people deserve better," Rep. Ralph Norman, R-S.
6972	The Americans couldn’t score and got dumped in the round of 16 by Sweden.
6973	The American Society for Cell Biology researched that there were many students who prefer working and study alone compared to group settings due to social anxiety.
6974	The amount of hearts players have become more important as they visit dangerous areas later in the game.
6975	The amount of money being spent by Pick n Pay and Checkers on diesel during rolling blackouts is staggering, to say the least.
6976	The analysis also found that a cancer-associated substitution in Dicer disrupts the recognition of the GYM motif.
6977	The Angels started rookie Zach Neto at shortstop for the majority of their games last season.
6978	The animation doesn’t quite match up to the extraordinary swirling glory of those.
6979	The answer, I think, is that it must prioritize expenditures: some payments simply have to be until the Treasury has enough money to make them.
6980	The apostles did not allow their passions to take over in those moments, but, rather, were guided by their reason.
6981	The appalling act of violence that stole Matt from them continues to have a lasting impact on all his loved ones and the large number of people whose lives he touched, both inside and outside of the Met.”
6982	The app also offers an intuitive interface which makes it easy to use.
6983	The apparent risk was the chance the spread would widen before converging.
6984	The app can be downloaded to smartphones or smart televisions, as well as some gaming consoles.
6985	The application features live interactive sessions with the doctor on appointment and to start with it is available in Malayalam with English subtitle and later in other Indian languages too.
6986	The AP's sources say Trump would endorse McDaniel if asked, but McDaniel's team believes she will win without his public backing, allowing her to maintain a sense of neutrality heading into the 2024 presidential primary season.
6987	The area is already bereft of trees.
6988	The area is now home to the Portland International Speedway and Delta Park.
6989	The area, west of downtown, had been split among four council districts — one of them Ms. Raman’s — meaning that for decades, it had never had a single council member to represent its collective interests.
6990	The are gearing up for a playoff run in the most wide-open Western Conference since Dennis Rodman and David Robinson were sharing the screen in stuffed-crust pizza commercials.
6991	The article mentioned how superstar Shah Rukh Khan’s Pathaan is an anomaly in an otherwise lacklustre year of Hindi films.
6992	The artist was found unresponsive in his prison cell on the evening, June 8, 2019, and was unable to be revived.
6993	The assistant treasurer, Andrew Leigh, said the government had delayed the measure once because firms had warned they would incur a “significant expense” to comply with Australia’s rules a year earlier than similar measures in the EU.
6994	“The associated elevated uranium present is also very promising and shows that we are vectoring towards something in this area.
6995	The assortment reflects his thirst for poetry, philosophy, art and design.
6996	The Athletics do have some major issues.
6997	The auction is accepting consignments until August 4 and, with a summer of sport under way, interest from prospective buyers is growing.
6998	The authorities “are still looking for people in collapsed buildings, but the chance of finding survivors is diminishing by the hour,” said Rick Brennan, who directs the World Health Organization’s emergency response for the Eastern Mediterranean.
6999	The authority found that most of the NPL was because of the bank’s failure to carry out timely follow-up recovery measures as envisaged and outlined in the bank’s regulation.
7000	"The authors suggest that disposable nappy waste could be used as a construction material for low-cost housing in low- and middle-income countries."
7001	The automated convenience of a is undeniably sweet, but for some, a Roomba just can't compare to the rush or attention to detail of manual vacuuming.
7002	The Avanti contract is important as it covers one of the busiest routes in the country, on the West Coast Main Line between London Euston and Glasgow Central.
7003	The average 1 year price objective among brokers that have issued a report on the stock in the last year is $10.13.
7004	The Avs, who have won six straight and are 21-5-3 since Jan.
7005	The award recognises staff who make a significant contribution to the development of students’ faith.
7006	The ballot results were announced days after the Office for National Statistics revealed inflation in the UK is running at 10.1 per cent while food prices are climbing by 19 per cent.
7007	The bands are just hopping and it's an 11 year cycle, and the last one sucked so this one is being extra nice to us.
7008	The banking firm’s most expensive plan, Ultra, which costs £45 per month and already includes access to the lifestyle apps as well as perks such as unlimited airport lounge access, is staying the same price.
7009	“The Bank of Canada seems pretty clear in its guidance,” says Marc Crossman, an Edmonton mortgage broker and managing partner with Alberta Mortgage Professionals.
7010	The bank said that a loss of up to 1% of GDP would be a "reasonable estimate," as the boost from reconstruction efforts in the later months of the year is expected, the report added.
7011	The basis amounts to this not being your scam and you effectively going along with someone else’s idea to clear a debt you had.
7012	The basis of the Holocaust was the tribalist, anti-universalist belief that not all humans were equal and that some humans were less human than other humans, that they were sub-human (Untermenschen), more like animals.
7013	The basketball court provided another kind of hope, one that seemed to fly in the face of the need for high status, school credentials, or the security of a boring job.
7014	The battery lasts up to 10 hours — which is hardly world-beating at this price — but it comes with a charging base.
7015	The Bears fumbled near midfield on the opening drive of the game and Shafter needed just five plays to move 43 yards for a score, capped by a 2-yard touchdown run by Espinoza.
7016	The best belonged to Elgar.
7017	The Bhagwad Geeta is one of the most revered scriptures of Hinduism.
7018	The Biden administration is currently divided over Israel, with many staff members opposed to Biden’s public support for Israel, and pressing for a return to the “distance” of the Barack Obama administration, when the U.S. often sided against Israel.
7019	The Biden administration is launching an interagency task force this Veterans Day to protect veterans and their families from a rise in scams.
7020	The bid to restore mandatory ROTC has been elevated to the Senate plenary, which opens the period of deliberations on the proposed measure.
7021	The big actioner, which is set to go on floors in March 2024, will be directed by Siddharth Anand.
7022	The biggest clue to the reason for the new setting in season 3 could be the press conference itself.
7023	The biggest remaining item on the Commanders' shopping list is clearly a cornerback.
7024	The big question for me here with Baidu is whether the Chinese market is going to see that same curve we've had here?
7025	… The big question that will be answered in the next few days is whether this year’s Super Bowl will be the highest-rated game in history.
7026	The bill authorizing the construction of its replica was passed by the Texas Senate in a 20-10 vote on Tuesday.
7027	The bill passed 102-98 in the House — where Democrats have a razor-thin majority — becoming the first of its kind to see a floor vote.
7028	The bill supports the creation of a new centralised wills register to be managed by the ACT Public Trustee and Guardian.
7029	The bill was approved on June 27, 2013 in a bipartisan vote of 68-32.
7030	The Birds finished 2022 with the best road record at 7-1 last season, with their only loss being a one-score game against the Dallas Cowboys with Gardner Minshew filling in for an injured Hurts.
7031	The bitterness for some was still heavy on their hearts.
7032	"The BJP is afraid of the TMC's 'Nabojowar' campaign ahead of the panchayat polls, and also wants to divert the attention from the train accident," he claimed.
7033	The Blackhawks wrapped up a four-game homestand 2-1-1, picking up points in three games.
7034	The Blades chief was unhappy with the manner of many of Arsenal's goals and also the way that his side lost the physical battle against the Gunners.
7035	The blind spots in the CCTV coverage of Paxton’s cell and the unclear picture on the four-inch monitors were not his responsibility.
7036	The Bloody Valentine singer didn't go wrong as he opted for a typically punk hairstyle, and styled his platinum locks in spikes.
7037	The Blue Devils did not trail at any point in a 59-49 victory in the ACC championship game at the Greensboro Coliseum.
7038	The Blues have so far been unsuccessful in their pursuit of Brighton and Ecuador man Caicedo, with bids knocked back by the Seagulls.
7039	The Blues, who host relegation-threatened Leeds on Saturday, have not won in the Premier League since beating Crystal Palace on January 15 and are 14 points behind fourth-placed Tottenham.
7040	The Bluetooth icon on a Vivoactive 3 is a small, blue square with a white “B” in the center.
7041	The board also heard a presentation from Dr. Lindsey Rose, ETHS Director of Multilingual Services, about the district’s new Department of Multilingual Services.
7042	The boatshed at the harbor, dating back to the Archaic era.
7043	The bobcat is the symbol of the spirit of resilience, unity and excellence that EPHS upholds.
7044	The BOC operatives approached a representative of the vessel, who was inside a white, tinted, and bulletproof car, according to CIIS Director Jeoffrey Tacio.
7045	The body language expert referenced a moment between the granny and granddaughter duo which suggested a real comfortability between them.
7046	The body was removed from the Mustang on Martin Crossing Crescent N.E. around 5:30 a.m.
7047	The body, which suspended IBA in 2019, is currently due to oversee the boxing tournament in the French capital having also organised the event at the re-arranged 2020 Olympic Games held in Tokyo in 2021.
7048	The book delves into biblical prophecies, unraveling their significance and exploring their role in shaping our world.
7049	The bookies are offering either side at a colossal 50-1 to win the Premier League contest, and that's available to brand new customers right now!
7050	The booking process involved a quick 30 minute process since counselors had agreed on a $200,000 bond.
7051	The book is published under Tori’s pen name, T. Bell, which she chose because she is in the process of getting her PhD and because her stepdad always called her Tori Bell.
7052	The book is written by and features a forward by del Toro himself.
7053	The book provides a history of voter suppression, as well as a playbook for improving voting rights in America.
7054	The book, published in 1957, was part of the comprehensive, carefully planned Kennedy campaign for the White House.
7055	The Borough of Roseland and the state of NJ were lucky to have Governor Codey as our friend, representative and advocate.
7056	'The boycott of me has got worse,' Mitchell said.
7057	The brave victim eventually managed to tell her mother what had been happening to her while Blaikie was looking after her and the police were alerted.
7058	The brazen violations of citizens' rights and liberties by the Buhari administration are well-documented.
7059	“The brewery will not be able to make it through the winter … without a comprehensive restructuring or sale,” Metropolitan said in its Oct. 3 bankruptcy filing.
7060	The Brewhouse's entries were up against more than 1300 beers from 190 independent breweries across the country, including Milton's Dangerous Ales, Felons Brewing Co and Hawkers Beer.
7061	The BRICS group of the leading non-Western nations is expanding rapidly, both in terms of economic might and new member states.
7062	The bridges, which were all built in 1972, cross Coney Bayou, Grand Bayou, Carroll Creek, and Brushy Creek (see included map).
7063	The Broncos defense should be good again, but is good enough to shut down all the high-powered offenses they are facing if the offense doesn’t do its part?
7064	The Broncos hired Vance Joseph for two years and that was a disaster.
7065	The Broncos still have good momentum, and I think they will easily be able to take this one even though they are playing on the road.
7066	The Bruins are up 2-1 in the best-of-seven first-round series, and while Krejci’s absence forces head coach Jim Montgomery to get more creative with his lines, his presence is a vital one for the B’s Stanley Cup hopes.
7067	The brushed finish adds a darker tone to each of its colors, marking a stark contrast with the iPhone 15.
7068	The Buccaneers stole the win out of the Bulldogs’ hands in the final seconds with a game-deciding free throw from senior forward Jarrod Vaungh to send his team to the championship.
7069	The Bucks shot 60.4 percent from the field and 60.5 percent from 3-point range, paced by Antetokounmpo’s 35 points and Lillard’s 28.
7070	The building is derelict.
7071	The building was eventually saved by being converted into apartments.
7072	The Bulldogs (5-6) defeated Dillon Christian 62-52 in overtime, lost 49-48 in the semifinals against Laney and beat Pamlico 38-25 in the third-place game.
7073	The Bulldogs improve to 5-3 while North Sevier’s struggles continue as it falls to 1-8.
7074	The Bulls won the previous meeting in Denver, 117-96 on March 8, and took a two-point lead at halftime of this one.
7075	The burst included a 3-pointer by Porter and a dunk by Gordon off Jokic’s alley-oop pass in the final minute of the period.
7076	The business had revenue of $1.70 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $1.77 billion.
7077	The business had revenue of $4.60 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $4.68 billion.
7078	The business has a 50 day moving average of $18.58 and a 200 day moving average of $17.47.
7079	The business’s 50-day moving average is C$17.82 and its two-hundred day moving average is C$21.06.
7080	The business’s 50 day moving average price is $69.51 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $68.82.
7081	The business services provider reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $1.13 by ($0.13).
7082	The business’s fifty day moving average is $329.59 and its 200 day moving average is $326.71.
7083	The camera uses a lithium battery that’s good for 30 minutes instead of a super capacitor.
7084	The Canadian earned $180,000 US for the win as well as an honorary membership at The Abaco Club, but it’s safe to say his eyes are now focused on making a return to the PGA Tour.
7085	The Canadiens’ overall numbers reflect the fact they have surrendered 13 empty-net goals, which indicates they have been close in many of their losses.
7086	The canyons were deep and the grades, a mile long, were very steep.
7087	The cargo area lamps light the bed, making it easier to see what you are hauling when it gets darker.
7088	The car was appreciated at the time Smooth handling thanks to its engine and gearbox of Nissan pedigreeIn addition, it was offered as an upper-middle model, which was more robust and better quality than some of its competitors.
7089	The car was still in flames as they worked as fast as they could to get the passenger out.
7090	The case featured a number of notable moments, including one in which Paltrow was asked to act out the situation.
7091	The case in Belgium also partially echoes that of Italian teenager Pamela Mastropietro, who was murdered by a Nigerian drug addict near Rome in early 2018.
7092	The catcher/DH had three hits Tuesday, en route to versus the Akron Rubber Ducks.
7093	The catchy track is a precursor to Shaky’s equally opinionated and blues-tinged album Re-Set, released next month.
7094	The Catholic social tradition recognizes through “public administration must duly and solicitously provide for the welfare and the comfort of the working classes” that they might strive to be worthy of “the inheritance of the kingdom of Heaven.”
7095	The cause of the rupture was not immediately clear, but local media outlets reported there had been a powerful explosion.
7096	The cause was lymphoma, her sister Susan Knapp McClements said.
7097	The CBI has made detailed set of questions based on the confessions of those recently arrested in the now scrapped liquor policy case.
7098	The CCZ is considered one of the most remote and pristine regions on the planet, however it is at risk of deep sea mining as it is also rich in rare metals.
7099	The celebrity chef is a long-standing campaigner for child nutrition and has insisted it was “time to prioritise our children’s health” and for it to be “put above politics.”
7100	The centre is confined by the remains of the Roman walls with the almost 1.5-mile route easily followed on foot, taking you around the Cathedral’s Bishop's Palace Garden and Priory Park, home to the city’s cricket and bowls club.
7101	The centre runs closed eight-week Suicide Bereavement Groups throughout the year, but in light of the difficulty some have getting through the holiday seasons, the centre has added this “special” series to provide extra support to those who need it.
7102	The CFATF team noted that while there is a need for increased international cooperation and resources for the Treaty Office of the Home Affairs Ministry, partnerships such as the one with RSS demonstrate Guyana’s creativity in forming partnerships.
7103	The chance of a game was grasped by the girls who managed to field two nine-aside teams to compete for the Bulls v Sharks trophy.
7104	The chances of McCarthy and me winning another Super Bowl are the same.
7105	The changes are also affecting locals’ health.
7106	“The changing place will be a new purpose-built room as an extension to the exciting toilet block, in the main West Bay car park.”
7107	The Chase Freedom Unlimited® card is a well-rounded rewards card, offering generous cash-back earnings in a variety of categories.
7108	The chassis keeps the body of the Panamera flat at all times, even during dynamic braking, steering and acceleration manoeuvres.
7109	The chemicals can easily migrate into the air, dust, food, soil and water.
7110	The chief minister also launched the mobile application Meri Fasal-Mera Byora.
7111	“The children notice everything.
7112	The Chinese embassy in Ireland responded by acknowledging the positive comments, but criticised other parts of the address as “over-exaggerated” and “misleading”.
7113	The choir performed songs in memory of its members Mehmet Özdemir, Gizem Dönmez, Hakan Samsunlu, Pınar Aksoy, Fatma Çevik, Müge Mimaroğlu and Ahmet Fehmi Ayaz, who lost their lives in the earthquake.
7114	The Christmas Light Trail.
7115	The church can do more, it just has to find the means to begin.
7116	The church plans to build a permanent place from which some of its most successful ministries—the 12-step recovery group, grief support group, divorce care group, among others—can operate from.
7117	The cities lose businesses and families.
7118	The City crowds are the target audience, yet prices are more reasonable than you'd find in most upmarket flower shops.
7119	The City of Maple Ridge is inviting residents to attend a council meeting for Valentine’s Day.
7120	The city of Montrose announced last week a new phase of construction has started on the new Fairfield by Marriott hotel at the Colorado Outdoors complex.
7121	The City of Winnipeg wants to hear from residents about what they think of waste collection in the city, including whether they would accept biweekly garbage pick-up if the city launches a curbside compost program.
7122	The city recently hired a rules administrator tasked with addressing any conflicts in rules across different criteria manuals.
7123	The city's priority is "exits from the street" — or getting people housed.
7124	The city was founded by Romans in 71 AD and its history does have a dark side from Viking invasions and the Norman Conquest to the Civil War.
7125	The clarity of their strategic thinking and creative approach showed us a powerful vision for the brand.
7126	The clinical victory in Germany’s biggest grudge match demonstrated the firepower Bayern possess and highlighted Dortmund’s defensive vulnerabilities.
7127	The clockwise section of the road was closed between junction 27 heading towards junction 28 while emergency services dealt with the incident.
7128	'The clothing resembles the clothing of an SS officer,' Halweg added.
7129	The club is responsible for printing bar maps, staging cocktail festivals in the town square, and, in the past, producing ready-to-drink bottled cocktails for drinking at home.
7130	The club sells campaign yard signs to those who want to display them.
7131	"The club will make no further comment at this time and is focused on ensuring the safe return of staff and players."
7132	The Coast Guard is using search resources both in the air and in the water in an area about 900 miles east of Cape Cod.
7133	The Cobra Pose, Bow Pose, and Seated Forward Bend are yoga postures that stretch and stimulate the abdominal area, promoting urine flow and reducing inflammation.
7134	"The collision happened at just before 2.20pm on the A4101 Stourbridge Road in Dudley, close to the junction with Waverley Street.
7135	The Colorado Rockies (No. 2 in MANFRED), Kansas City Royals (No. 3) and Arizona Diamondbacks (No. 4) all rank among the bottom 10 teams in predicted wins but sit among the top five in MANFRED.
7136	The color is nice and matching leggings are available.
7137	The co-main event at UFC 283 is another high-stakes contest, and as a quadrilogy bout, it’s a first for the league.
7138	The commercial manager of Burbank Produce, Eddie Bowers, explained: "The lorries that got stuck were taking two or three days to get to the port and across into Spain.
7139	The commission described Mr Matawalle's outburst as the case of a "thief" saying he must not be touched until other "thieves" are caught.
7140	The Commissioner for Police, Mr Mamman Dauda, said this in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on Tuesday in Kano.
7141	The committee has had them ahead of Texas for weeks, so it would stand to reason if they beat Washington and win the Pac-12 they are good to go.
7142	The Committee’s Chairman, Senator Kenneth Eze, made the complaint, Tuesday, in Abuja.
7143	The committee toured across the country and studied various aspects.
7144	“The communications reflect his efforts to understand real-time information about the 2020 election,” Perry’s lawyer, John Rowley, said in a statement.
7145	The company also recently disclosed a Interim dividend, which was paid on Monday, March 20th.
7146	The company had revenue of $143.39 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $139.95 million.
7147	The company had revenue of $1.47 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $1.47 billion.
7148	The company had revenue of $21.51 million during the quarter.
7149	The company has a 50 day moving average price of $111.79 and a 200-day moving average price of $111.23. iShares S&P Small-Cap 600 Growth ETF has a 1-year low of $100.13 and a 1-year high of $129.76.
7150	The company has a 50 day simple moving average of $136.64 and a two-hundred day simple moving average of $128.66. iShares MSCI USA Quality Factor ETF has a 12 month low of $71.96 and a 12 month high of $88.63.
7151	The company has a 50-day simple moving average of $25.24 and a 200 day simple moving average of $30.09.
7152	The company has a current ratio of 1.77, a quick ratio of 1.77 and a debt-to-equity ratio of 2.65.
7153	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 0.15, a quick ratio of 0.57 and a current ratio of 0.57.
7154	The company has a debt-to-equity ratio of 1.11, a current ratio of 1.71 and a quick ratio of 1.19.
7155	The company has a fifty day moving average price of $69.87 and a 200-day moving average price of $63.73.
7156	The company has a market capitalization of $253.17 million, a PE ratio of -4.92 and a beta of 1.11.
7157	The company has a market capitalization of $4.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 35.19, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.99 and a beta of 0.88.
7158	The company has a market cap of $46.44 billion, a PE ratio of 54.52, a P/E/G ratio of 1.60 and a beta of 1.35.
7159	The company has been caught up in the fallout from the collapses of…
7160	The company has been enhancing its digital capabilities like search, social, user experience, content creation, analytics and mobile across its portfolio to maintain growth in the dynamic sector.
7161	The company has faced several civil lawsuit in recent years, including from LAUSD.
7162	The company is likely to be undervalued with a of 1.61x compared to the of 4.47x.
7163	The company moved its primary manufacturing facility to Orlando last spring after outgrowing its factory near Hialeah, he said, adding, “In Orlando, we can build up to 20 homes a month.”
7164	The company produces several events in Finland every year.
7165	The company said in the bankruptcy filing that it will try to sell some stores to its top lenders.
7166	The company said it has no immediate plans to remove its lead-sheathed cables from the Lake Tahoe area, even though it initially agreed to take them out in 2021.
7167	The company said it intends to retain Saskatoon employees as it conducts a strategic review, which is expected to take three months.
7168	The company said that the new buildings they develop will be nearly 100 percent electric and 65 percent of travel would involve mass transit, bicycling and walking.
7169	The company saw similar results for its CV5 pegmatite in February, and it believes this means material from both can be jointly processed.
7170	The company's capital structure is healthy, boasting a market cap of $1.19 billion, modest total debt of $35.33 million, and substantial cash reserves of $504.49 million, providing a solid foundation for future investments or potential downturns.
7171	The company's exploration hub is based in Nevada, USA, a top-tier mineral district that contains significant historical production, existing mining infrastructure and an established mining culture.
7172	The company’s fifty day simple moving average is $93.11 and its 200 day simple moving average is $100.73.
7173	The Company’s flagship asset is the 100% owned Corvette Property, located proximal to the Trans-Taiga Road and powerline infrastructural corridor in the James Bay Region of Québec.
7174	The company's supply portfolio now includes oil from Western Africa, the Mediterranean, the Gulf and the Gulf of Mexico, it said.
7175	The company witnessed higher guest turnout and increased per-patron revenue from food and beverages.
7176	The comparable profit margin for the fiscal year 2022 was 1.2%.
7177	The competition was first held in 1891 and is the largest show of its kind in the world.
7178	The concept lets people work, have a day to do chores like cleaning the house and “then have two days off, seeing your friends, seeing your family, doing some stuff yourself,” Wainwright said.
7179	The concepts of “white privilege” and “white supremacy,” so prevalent on the left, are central to this worldview, and the remedy is an outcomes-based focus on so-called “equity.”
7180	The concern today is that more than half the country’s population could leave the country in search of employment.
7181	The concert also follows other recent events in the Bronx recognizing the upcoming anniversary and the borough’s role as its birthplace,” noted the outlet.
7182	The conclusion regarding the GDP data was that “the evidence is very clear that the numbers have been manipulated.”
7183	The conditions were so bad that organisers decided it would be unsafe to go as far as the summit, so the turnaround point this time was the Clogwyn station.
7184	The Confident Tricksters will be on familiar territory this weekend.
7185	The Congress leader’s tweet names Union ministers Anurag Thakur and Smriti Irani, who have been leading the charge in demanding Rahul Gandhi’s apology over his remarks in the United Kingdom.
7186	The Congress will handle media and publicity, while the Nationalist Congress Party will take care of transport.
7187	The consensus is clear, and this race is over.
7188	The conservative government, which had been planning to call an election in the coming weeks, promised on Wednesday to fix the ailing rail system.
7189	The Consumer Electronics Show is back, with an emphasis on mobility, European startups and celebrity appearances.
7190	The contact included “sexual activities with the dominant that might be outside her comfort zone but not painful,” police said.
7191	The continuous move by the pastors to effect this removal leads to a deeper secret being revealed.
7192	The conviction was announced on Thursday by Nassau County District Attorney Anne T. Donnelly, after a trial before Judge Robert Bogle.
7193	The Cornell Wildlife Health Lab conducted testing and confirmed which now places the Reynolds Game Farm under quarantine for 120 days.
7194	The coronation ceremony will take place at Westminster Abbey in London and will formalize the transfer of the monarch’s title and powers, as well as the monarch’s role as the head of the Church of England.
7195	The corporation is also pulling out of the flyer program which had been distributed through the Advance in this region.
7196	The ‘corruption’ tag that the Basavaraj Bommai-led BJP had earned in Karnataka set this election apart from the rest, even in states where it lost.
7197	The cost will be ridiculous though.
7198	“The council admits this is below (parking) standards, the 10-12 staff will obviously park anywhere locally.
7199	The council education officer who objected to the scheme pointed to the danger of failing to provide school pupils with "an unbroken pathway without having to navigate traffic leading to the entrance to their school on either side of the slip road".
7200	The council has now voluntarily agreed to terminate the funding agreement to avoid having to pay back the £25million funding it has already spent.
7201	The council’s SNP group this week expelled two councillors and suspended five others who complained about a failure to investigate the authority’s former leader Jordan Linden.
7202	The counter argument is further restrictions on gambling advertisements could put the free coverage of sport at risk.
7203	The County is also hosting a screening of the documentary “We Been Here,” produced by Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Incorporated Chester (PA) Alumnae Chapter.
7204	The county law office retained the law firm Joyce, Carmody and Moran to file its action and represent the county.
7205	The couple cannot be identified by order of the court.
7206	The couple have two sons John and Julian, and four grandchildren, Sophie, Lauren, Amber and Alex.
7207	The couple spend most of their time at their 4,753 sq ft, seven-bedroom, £4 million mansion, which they bought in 2012 in the celebrity-packed town of Bedford, New York state, an hour’s drive from Manhattan.
7208	The couple was married when she was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 1992.
7209	The court also confirmed an interim suppression order on the woman's name.
7210	The court said it found no reason to invalidate the outcome of the primary election.
7211	The Court said SQAO “is meant only to preserve Kazuo’s right as a beneficial owner of TRLEI during the pendency of the main case.”
7212	The court said the petitioner was “merely playing basketball, an employer-sanctioned activity onboard the vessel.”
7213	The cozy and familiar vibe of the Tabernacle is bolstered by its traditional architecture and design, a remnant of its roughly century-old origins.
7214	The crazy fast fire rate of the R-99 will require tons of practice to achieve consistency with the gun, but it is a worthwhile investment.
7215	The crew removed the lens light and took it to Southwest Harbor for repair or replacement.
7216	The crowd will be behind them come what may, especially given the title fight remains entirely in Verstappen’s hands, leading by 138 points from his teammate, Sergio Pérez, who qualified in fifth.
7217	The CTC leaf market was also good, achieving 90 per cent sales out of the offered quantity of 44,000 kg.
7218	“The current low home inventory could help explain why home prices appear to be resilient despite the challenging affordability environment we find ourselves in.”
7219	The current price is trading at 1.0807 right at the 2 key levels.
7220	The current string of remakes have been careful to develop a more serious and gritty atmosphere, which could also make for a jarring transition from the first game's HD remake.
7221	The CWOSSA junior triple-A final will also be played Monday at RIM Park, with the Jacob Hespeler Hawks facing the Huron Heights Huskies.
7222	The dad added: "I keep blaming myself."
7223	The dance group had become an internet sensation after their performance on the song Kaala Chashma went viral in 2022.
7224	The dancing minigames are even trickier than the karaoke, but luckily, this substory's progress isn't dependent on how well the player does.
7225	The Daniels Scholarship Program is an all-inclusive scholarship that provides $100,000 for graduating high school seniors awaiting attendance at a four-year university.
7226	The Dark Horse Comics era also allowed the verse to touch upon character dynamics and settings that only enriched the universe.'s rebellious Slayer and 's soulful vampire while exploring the long rocky road that is redemption.
7227	The data recorder will be sent to France for it to be analyzed, authorities said.
7228	The data shows that nearly a quarter of all Latinos in the U.S. are former Catholics (23%).
7229	The daytime high on Easter Monday climbed into the upper teens in many cities across southwestern Quebec.
7230	The decision comes following Monday’s disappointing 2-1 home defeat to Dorchester Town in Southern League Premier South.
7231	The decision to set this coming-of-age story in a mall is one ’ creators made the characters fight for—the pair had to evade FEDRA patrols to get there and, obviously, incurred a lot of risk by staying.
7232	The decline in year-over-year sales was primarily the result of high inflation and increased interest rates impacting consumer confidence and demand in the first quarter.
7233	The defendant added that the teenager had intercourse with him on her own volition.
7234	The defender’s parents will also be able to spend valuable time with their new grandson Storm who was born this summer.
7235	“The defense, the times that we needed them to (make a stop), they did,” Gardner said.
7236	The defensive MOP for Reidsville was linebacker Paul Widerman, a senior who had six tackles.
7237	The Delhi Dominators versus Chandigarh Conquerors match was extremely close and tense with the lead switching both ways.
7238	The demand from CIS countries was lower, while West Asia and other destinations lent fair support.
7239	The Democrats could rewrite the rules to allow the nominations to go forward, but they are looking at a tough 2024 Senate re-election map and want to keep the power of individual senators in place should they suddenly find themselves in the minority.
7240	The Demon is hosting "An Evening With Gene Simmons" at the Rio Hotel and Casino, home of the and Kiss by Monster Mini Golf course.
7241	The Department of Budget and Management (DBM) on Monday said it has disbursed the P500-million cancer assistance fund (CAF) to the health department.
7242	The Department of Marine & Ports Services has released the weekly shipping schedule for ship arrivals commencing on Saturday Shipping Schedule: Week Starting April 8th.
7243	The depiction of Santa Claus as a jolly, red-suited figure became entrenched in American culture, further popularized by advertising campaigns such as Coca-Cola’s iconic Santa ads in the 1930s.
7244	The deputy governor of the western Khmelnytskyi region said two people were wounded and dozens of buildings damaged by a blast wave.
7245	The description for the event states that this Pokémon Presents will feature “Pokémon news and a spotlight on the latest happenings across the brand it comes to games.”
7246	The design of one of the day rooms planned for the site in South Cerney.
7247	The destroyer displaces 7,050 tons with a full load and reaches 152 meters in length.
7248	The destruction of the dam caused devastating flooding, and then drought.
7249	The developers integrated important features such as encryption, synchronization across multiple computers, and password protection for editing saved passwords.
7250	The difficulty in finding it is part of the appeal.
7251	The dining room contains bi-fold doors with access to the garden.
7252	The disappointing results of recent referendums could eventually act as a deterrent.
7253	The disconnect comes as the MTA’s $19.2 billion austerity budget faces a $600 million deficit this year without new revenue, even accounting for the cost-cutting and fare hikes.
7254	The discovery has triggered a massive potential financial windfall, with the reporting the company's shares rose sharply after the Danish pharmaceutical giant, Novo Nordisk, launched it in the UK.
7255	The Dispensary Lounge at 2451 E. Tropicana Ave., celebrated its 11th year of presenting live music Thursday night.
7256	The division will be helmed by Chris Ottinger, who has led the distribution team at MGM for more than a decade.
7257	The diyas (small clay oil) appear in the four corners of the stamp.
7258	The documentary also boasts an original soundtrack, supplied by British-Nigerian Artist, Kvngs.
7259	The documentary is set to highlight the behaviour of an A-list name, the Mirror understands, and is said to be hugely damaging.
7260	"The document formalises the significant relationship between our two councils and provides a firm commitment from both bodies to work collaboratively for the collective good," mayor Johnson said.
7261	The documents and cables corroborate previously published reporting and research on companies affiliated with Prigozhin’s network, including those that engage in disinformation work.
7262	The document states: “On January 7, 2011 Epstein writes to Peter Mandelson (copying Staley) ‘had breakfast with Richard Branson, he is also a big fan of Africa’”.
7263	The dollar is keeping slightly on the softer side but overall changes are relatively light among major currencies.
7264	The Dolores River National Conservation Area and Special Management Area Act would protect more than 68,000 acres of public lands in Montezuma, Dolores and San Miguel counties.
7265	The Dope Sick actress had vowed to adopt an older child when she was very young after learning her dad wasn’t her biological father.
7266	The double Prince and Princess of Wales alongside lookalikes of Prince George and Princess Charlotte – would you do a double take?
7267	The downtrend is very much intact, as you can see above, so that’s why I’m not pounding the table.
7268	The draft law stipulates that the prime minister can only be removed if he is considered physically or psychologically incapable of performing his duties.
7269	The driver of the grey car, a 69-year-old woman, was also taken to Gold Coast University Hospital in a stable condition.
7270	The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the country in March last year and William was both praised and criticised for speaking out against Britain's historic role in the slave trade.
7271	The Duke of Sussex allegedly had spontaneous sex with King Charles III's former stable girl.
7272	The Duke of Sussex was also seen downing tequila shots during the interview in New York after being swept into the studio by armed bodyguards yesterday.
7273	The duo agreed to speak to Deadline without consulting the BBC.
7274	The duo provide an immediate upgrade for Kentucky’s 2024 class.
7275	The Eagles now advance to the Super Bowl for the first time since 2017 and for the fourth time in franchise history, and third time since 2004.
7276	The earbuds and their respective cases are offered in two colour options - Air White and Bass Black.
7277	The early history of Bhutan, therefore, talks about personalities and happenings that sound more mythical than real.
7278	The earnings report for the first quarter of 2023 showed us strong results with net revenues up 12% and net earnings up 17%.
7279	The Economic Development Commission adopts an annual budget and develops guidelines for the expenditures of the fund for financial assistance such as loans, grants, and local match requirements to be provided for various types of projects.
7280	The economic trends have been the opposite of what they were in the mid-20th century: Executive pay and corporate profits have grown faster than the American economy — and much faster than wages for rank-and-file workers.
7281	The EDC is the last operating ICE facility in New Jersey.
7282	The Edinburgh Evening News pictures two cranes apparently at work to right the 3,000-tonne US Navy ship which tipped over in the dry dock at Leith last month.
7283	The Educational Institute of Scotland (EIS), which represents more than 80 per cent of teachers across nursery, primary and secondary education, launched its Stand up for Quality Education campaign earlier this year.
7284	The EIA pinpoints discharges that can pollute the environment, likely impacts as well as mitigative measures that can be implemented.
7285	“The elected representatives of different parties are expecting a statement from the Union Home Minister in the House.
7286	The election results unfolded with BJP maintaining a lead on all five seats throughout the day.
7287	The electoral body also summoned the Resident Electoral Commissioner for the state, Barrister Hudu Yunusa over the controversial declaration.
7288	"The elver fishery is unique.
7289	The Emiratis also have close relations with the Israelis.
7290	The emotional bond between spouses is strengthened when they participate in spontaneous activities and have fun together.
7291	The ending isn’t always the same.
7292	The energy company reported $0.10 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter.
7293	The England striker has been front and centre of Villa’s resurgence under the Spaniard and will head to north London tomorrow in the form of his life.
7294	The entire board and staff should resign if they can’t see protecting our children is most important.
7295	The entire first half of Shahada’s article is an almost word-for-word copy of FDD’s Long War Journal’s recent article.
7296	The Epic Games Store has always been profitable on a net basis.
7297	The episode was directed by Carol Banker, who previously worked in the scripting department of many of Kevin Smith's hits.
7298	The equity has added nearly 15.5% over the last six months, and now sports a fractional year-to-date lead.
7299	The establishment of the policy is aimed at ensuring that employees and partners are upholding the highest level of corporate governance.
7300	The estimate has moved down 11% over the past 30 days.
7301	The Estonian pair of Marie Kaldvee and Harri Lill have qualified for the playoffs of the World Mixed Doubles Curling Championship in South Korea.
7302	The European champions scored eight goals and conceded only once.
7303	The European single currency was up 0.2% on the day at $1.0892, while the dollar index, which tracks the greenback against a basket of currencies of other major trading partners, was down at 103.35 by 4:19 p.m. ET (2019 GMT).
7304	The European Union (EU) is demanding that each nation take in as many illegal aliens as want to be in those nations.
7305	The event, ‘Accelerating growth for SMEs in an era of uncertainty,’ brought together industry experts, small business owners, policymakers, and other stakeholders in the SME sector to evaluate and spotlight the activities of SMEs in Nigeria.
7306	The event, from 6.30pm to 10.30pm, costs £79.99 for an individual, with group discounts available, and includes a two-course meal, live show and entertainment in an immersive and interactive experience.
7307	The event gets underway at noon and continues throughout the afternoon.
7308	The events will give an opportunity to explore the campus, take self-guided and guided tours, or visit classrooms, labs and studios.
7309	The event will start at 3 p.m. on Sunday at Hawkeye Downs Speedway & Expo Center in Cedar Rapids, Iowa.
7310	The evidence confirms that the British Army at the highest level was made aware of the three shots, including the final shot believed to have claimed the life of Mr. Leonard.
7311	The exam will be conducted on May 7 in other states.
7312	The excitement that comes with playing slot games is unmatched!
7313	The ex-employees’ lawyer Leonard Mbulo said the K3 billion in pension funds relate to arrears that Admarc did not remit to Old Mutual, adding that the money has now been reduced to K300 million after some payments were made to the staff.
7314	The exercise which was conducted on Sunday 24 September 2023, took place at the Ikom Local Government Area Council hall, at about 2:30 pm.
7315	The exes now co-parent Benjamin and Vivian.
7316	The experience of dying, however, is complex, involving different organs and functions that don't all cease simultaneously.
7317	The expert advised: 'Listening is perhaps the most underrated way to improve relationships and to avoid overreacting and causing conflict.
7318	The expertly curated Lord’s Gin cocktail bar became the epicentre of the night’s festivities, as skilled mixologists crafted signature cocktails using Lord’s London Dry Gin Classic.
7319	The experts noted that it is important households are using white distilled vinegar rather than malt.
7320	The ex-president has been criticized for his response to the riot hours…
7321	The Ezviz BC1C is more stylish than most cameras which are a glossy white.
7322	The F-16s, which were authorised to travel at supersonic speeds, used a combination of “manoeuvres and flares” for 30 minutes, the reported, in an unsuccessful attempt to get the pilot’s attention.
7323	The fabricated image, which has been circulating online, falsely claims that the newspaper featured a headline stating, “Sheikh Hasina forced Biden to take a picture with her”.
7324	The facility also received an old trailer which is set to be given a new lease of life as a market barrow for selling plants.
7325	"The fact is they are doing it, it's here to stay.
7326	“The fact that a Chinese spy balloon was allowed to fly across the United States is unacceptable,” Meuser stated.
7327	“The fact that Footwear News is bestowing that title on this gal from Texas helps to illuminate the path ahead.”
7328	The fact that Gabriel Mato blindly supports Spanish interests comes as no surprise as he’s made his career as their institutional lobbyist.
7329	The failed to make anything from the opportunity, knocking the ball on after a line out, and were guilty of not being urgent enough to meet the ball.
7330	The family agreed to leave the apartment but were having trouble finding alternative accommodation and were unable to leave the apartment right away.
7331	The family business adheres to the principles Vivo learned as a child from his grandparents.
7332	The family have raised more than £150,000 for charity.
7333	The family would like to extend their sincere thanks and appreciation to her fiancé, Otis, Amorem Hospice and Palliative Care, and Medi Home Care.
7334	The Fargo Season 5 release date is just around the corner, and viewers are wondering when they can start streaming…
7335	The fates of the four hobbits are all vastly different following their success during the events of The Lord of the Rings is never truly able to recover from his trials, traveling to the Undying Lands with Galadriel, Gandalf and Elrond after some time.
7336	The father-of-two from Bishop Monkton was airlifted to the nearest major trauma centre at James Cook Hospital, Middlesbrough, a journey that would have taken nearly an hour by road.
7337	The feature is a part of Apple’s existing “Move to iOS” Android application.
7338	The Federal Bureau of Investigation is conducting the investigation in the case.
7339	The federal Freedom of Information Act, which took effect in 1967, was intended to give the public broad and quick access to government-held information through the administrative process.
7340	The fed-up content creator sighed: "If you're in the middle seat of a plane, shouldn't you at least get one armrest by default?
7341	The Ferrari of Charles Leclerc's second practice session for the Miami Grand Prix came to an end against the barriers.
7342	The FGCU Symphonic Band warms up before their showcase “Connections” on November 14th.
7343	The fifth lesson is “I’m here to heal and contribute.”
7344	The fight against aggravating robberies gained a success when police arrested five suspected post office robbers between the ages of 28 and 33 on the morning of 7 June 2023.
7345	The film’s armorer, Hannah Gutierrez Reed, who was responsible for the weapon, will also be charged with the same crime, New Mexico First Judicial District Attorney Mary Carmack-Altwies announced.
7346	The film's last exchange between the Protagonist and Neil () imbues the narrative and those characters with tenderness and bittersweet catharsis.
7347	The film stars Tippi Hedren and Rod Taylor and focuses on several vicious and unexplained bird attacks in Bodega Bay, California.
7348	The film ties to have it both ways as a biopic and adaptation, only to fail at both.
7349	The film, which also won awards for Best Music, Best Editing, Best VFX and Best Story-boarding, tells the story of Elmer, a young boy, who runs away to Wild Island to rescue a baby dragon.
7350	The film, which blends drama with science fiction, revolves around Blanca and José, a lonely elderly couple whose television-watching routine is disrupted by an astronomical phenomenon.
7351	The final Pac-12 showdown between Utah and USC has been set.
7352	The final part of qualifying, known as Q3, was delayed by two red flags after American driver Logan Sargeant crashed his Williams and Charles Leclerc lost control of his Ferrari after going too wide.
7353	The Finance Minister noted that the scholarships will cover all costs associated with the degree in Education, and graduates will be guaranteed jobs once they successfully complete their programs.
7354	The findings looked at the impact of regular consumption of grapes on macular pigment accumulation - compounds found in fruit and vegetables that are known to benefit vision - and other biomarkers.
7355	The firm acquired 5,836 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $200,000.
7356	The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Monday, June 12th.
7357	The firm filed the lawsuit on behalf of STEM stock investors because the company allegedly misled investors in both its 2020 merger agreement and 2022 partnership announcement.
7358	The firm had revenue of $11.39 million during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $7.82 million.
7359	The firm had revenue of $63.36 million for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $64.70 million.
7360	The firm has a 50 day moving average of $2.29 and a 200 day moving average of $2.31.
7361	The firm has a market capitalization of $1.35 trillion, a PE ratio of 23.14, a P/E/G ratio of 1.47 and a beta of 1.10.
7362	The firm has a market capitalization of $3.01 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 8.93, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 0.55 and a beta of 1.67.
7363	The firm has a market capitalization of $46.12 billion, a P/E ratio of 19.15, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 1.39 and a beta of 0.66.
7364	The firm has a market capitalization of $4.75 billion, a PE ratio of 27.07, a P/E/G ratio of 1.87 and a beta of 1.22.
7365	The firm has a market capitalization of $82.67 billion, a PE ratio of 81.49, a PEG ratio of 3.69 and a beta of 1.08.
7366	The firm has a market cap of $1.58 billion, a P/E ratio of 8.93 and a beta of 1.05.
7367	The firm has a market cap of $26.65 billion, a PE ratio of 32.58 and a beta of 1.36.
7368	The firm offers its products under the brands LUTOSA, la Cocinera, Birds Eye, Iglo, and Findus.
7369	The firm owned 107,151 shares of the construction company’s stock after purchasing an additional 5,312 shares during the period.
7370	The firm owned 12,543 shares of the information services provider’s stock after selling 1,442 shares during the period.
7371	The firm owned 12,602 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an additional 509 shares during the period.
7372	The firm owned 9,115 shares of the industrial products company’s stock after selling 835 shares during the quarter.
7373	The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $466.93 and its two-hundred day moving average price is $451.79.
7374	The first and, at the same time, the most important criterion for a safe and reputable casino is a valid gambling license.
7375	The first Field Guide Page can be found in Aranshire village while exploring the eastern parts of the South Hogwarts Region.
7376	The first Gymkhana video was little more than minimally-scripted rally practice caught on camera.
7377	The first is that they will buy these convenient bottles beyond Boston’s city limits.
7378	The First Minister has defended the payment of nearly £1m in bonuses over five years - despite public sector pay rules having suspended the payments and the utility coming under fire over tap water failures.
7379	The First Minister has repeatedly said she is against the legislation and pledged to fight it “every step of the way”.
7380	The first one, I've got to ask you, but you're no longer -- your growth clearly is independent anymore, what we thought maybe a long time ago it was.
7381	The first phase, starting on Monday, is expected to run until November 2023 and will see the Dundee-bound side of the bridge resurfaced.
7382	The first prosecution witness said the convict pushed her and her friend on his bed and forcefully removed their pants and inserted his penis inside their vagina and took turn to rape them and after gave them N350 instead of the N700 he owed them.
7383	The first quarter ended with Tennessee leading, 8-7.
7384	The first real European game I recall watching on the TV was Aberdeen’s European Cup Winners’ Cup victory over in Gothenburg in 1983.
7385	The first robbery happened Jan.
7386	The First Round Finish Club thanks Mr. Johnson for his work this evening, and welcomes everyone to 2023.
7387	The first task is to decide what to cover.
7388	The first thing you can do is opt out while you still can, because someday, perhaps soon, you won’t be able to.
7389	The first time the Costantini brothers (Kitchener’s Marco and his twin brother Anthony on Ottawa) saw each other was on the ice.
7390	The first two public bathhouses opened in the early 1900s.
7391	The fist step is to connect your Seagate Backup Plus Hub to your Mac.
7392	The fixture at Leicester will also see Sheffield go up against some of the riders who were involved with the club at Owlerton last season, as well as them taking on some big names.
7393	The flagship firm Adani Enterprises is set to raise up to $2.5 billion in a follow-on share sale, Reuters previously reported, following a surge in the share price in recent years.
7394	The Flames have a 3-1-0 record in games decided by one goal.
7395	“The floods became the costliest event for South Africa’s insurance industry on record,” – report.
7396	"The Florida legislature wrapped up its 60-day session on Friday after compiling a breathtaking record of conservative accomplishment.
7397	The foam doesn't shift very much while I sleep and tends to stay in place, providing a great deal of support for me as a side sleeper.’
7398	The following cases were heard at Teesside magistrates court during the last two weeks.
7399	THE following is the speech in the recent Lexus-Toyota Motor Philippines (TMP) “Go Electrified” event at BGC in Taguig by Josephine “Jojo” Villanueva, TMP vice president for corporate affairs.
7400	THE food hygiene rating for a 400-year-old pub has been revealed.
7401	The force launched a major public appeal to find the 66-year-old Paul who was not believed to be wearing any shoes when he went missing three days ago.
7402	The force said two other people who were arrested as part of the investigation have since been released and would face no further action.
7403	The foreign ministers of Britain, Australia and Canada condemned Israel’s “continued expansion of settlements” which they described as “an obstacle to peace” and a move that “negatively impacts efforts to achieve a negotiated two-state solution.”
7404	The foreign secretary said Ukraine had ‘the legitimate right to defend itself’.
7405	The forest remains unchanged, populated not by the former simians, but a fresh troupe of equally cunning creatures.
7406	The former skater is also the heir of the Manhattan Pharmaceutical Company.
7407	The former Speaker highlighted the fact that it isn't fair to put Trump inside the courtroom when the elections are right around the corner.
7408	The former Super Eagles midfielder is optimistic that the break will help improve the performance of his players.
7409	The former TK Maxx off Great Western Way has been completely stripped bare and rebuilt from scratch over the last 12 months.
7410	The forward-looking statements are not historical facts but reflect the Funds’, PIMCO Canada’s and/or PIMCO’s current expectations regarding future results or events.
7411	The forward-looking statements contained in this news release present the expectations of the Company as of the date hereof and, accordingly, is subject to change after such date.
7412	The Foundation’s mission is to support the community that supports the Tony Graham Automotive Group of Businesses.
7413	The four islands that make up the country cover an area of 25 square kilometers.
7414	The four lunch guests present to hospital feeling ill.
7415	The framed exhibit, created using a focused ion beam scanning electron microscope (FIB-SEM), is being displayed alongside high-magnification images to commemorate the special occasion.
7416	The free concert was designed to create an arts experience for people with sensory sensitivities, autism and other social, learning or cognitive needs.
7417	The free library boxes are small wooden cabinets containing donated books.
7418	The French national weather service, Meteo-France, reported the country’s highest average temperature for the late summer period after Aug. 15 since records began in 1947.
7419	The frequent power outages have also added to this problem as some feel they often pay for services from which they aren’t fully benefitting.
7420	The Friendship Water Treatment Plant on the East Coast Demerara is currently undergoing restoration works worth $170M.
7421	The friends who are still married are constantly fighting and arguing over petty things.
7422	The front line in the town centre largely follows the main railway line.
7423	The fruit was restrained beneath a wall of tannin.
7424	The full list of events – with many co-hosted by casino operators – is available on the website of the bureau.
7425	The fundamental analysis indicators such as Return on Equity, Earnings Per Share, Dividend Yield Ratio, Free Cash Flow, and others can determine the direction of the stock and give traders a precious edge against the markets.
7426	The fund currently has more than $20 billion under management.
7427	The fund owned 10,927 shares of the company’s stock after selling 1,050 shares during the quarter.
7428	The fund owned 181,000 shares of the company’s stock after purchasing an additional 4,800 shares during the quarter.
7429	The fund owned 7,926 shares of the company’s stock after selling 222 shares during the quarter.
7430	The further the food gets down, the easier it is to eat."
7431	The future holds many great adventures, educational journeys, and career advancements for them.
7432	The future of bin collection and recycling in was discussed at a recent city council meeting.
7433	The future of the Globes was thrown into doubt after a 2021 Los Angeles Times investigation revealed the organization had no Black journalists in its ranks.
7434	The futures were lower, after a big bounce back on Tuesday that saw all the major indexes close higher, as well as a stunning reversal in the banking sector after the demise of Silicon Valley Bank and Signature Bank.
7435	The FX series tells the story of young chef Carmen “Carmy” Berzatto (Jeremy Allen White), who returns to his hometown to run his family’s Italian beef sandwich shop following his brother’s death.
7436	“The gaffer will change the team if we have been winning or not.
7437	The general wisdom goes that if a friend helps you through, they’re ride or die material.
7438	The German Ministry of the Interior has on Friday announced the extension of the controls on its borders with Poland, the Czech Republic and Switzerland until mid-March 2024 as Berlin continues to combat smuggling and limit irregular migration.
7439	The giant living computer becomes a metaphor for the Qin Dynasty's utter ruthless harnessing of the people into a single machine.
7440	The giant mechanical bull was displayed in the city's Centenary Square after its debut at the opening ceremony.
7441	The girlfriend "insisted" it was consensual and continued dating the boy.
7442	The goal is ambitious: to reduce nitrogen emissions by 50% by 2030.
7443	"The goal is to give that soft landing and give them a safe, secure, healing environment so they can carry on with their civilian life," says Schneider.
7444	The goal is to test the viability of a semisubmersible concrete platform, developed by UMaine, to support a wind turbine.
7445	The goal, said Matti Shalev, a protester, is “to make Nir Barkat aware that anywhere in the world he is going, we’re going to remind him that this will not come to pass.”
7446	The gold hardware and brown colour of this jacket keeps it different from the Zara option, but the moto shape is perfect to throw on with any outfit.
7447	The Goldman Sachs Group boosted their target price on HEICO from $204.00 to $206.00 in a research report on Friday, August 11th.
7448	The Goldman Sachs Group lifted their target price on Hershey from $255.00 to $277.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 2nd.
7449	The GoodNotes app is available to install on Samsung Galaxy Tab devices with a display size of at least 8-inches and a minimum of 3GB RAM.
7450	The government also plans to create a new "Alberta Fund" to limit how it can spend any surpluses.
7451	The government controversially extended Avanti West Coast’s contract by six months last year but warned the company it would have to ‘drastically’ improve if it were to be extended longer.
7452	The Government has said it wants to avoid a “cliff-edge” scenario and has signalled an intent to extend some measures and introduce other mitigations.
7453	The government is satisfied it is (European) convention compliant.
7454	The government recently issued an administrative regulation to establish a fair, efficient, and non-adversarial procedure for the protection and assistance of refugees and stateless persons.
7455	The government said it had included the Olympic complex renovation project under plans submitted to the European Union for funding assistance, defending its decision to try to overcome chronic maintenance delays.
7456	The government should never be in the business of suppressing protected speech on a college campus.
7457	The governor and prosecutors had sought to pass a law during the most recent legislative session to make it easier for judges to order pretrial detention for suspects charged with certain violent crimes.
7458	The Governors have 19 winning seasons in program history, including four straight and two under Young in as many seasons.
7459	The Grand Faw Port, which was devised over a decade ago, is halfway to completion, Fartousi said.
7460	The grave was numbered Bj 581: Bj for Björkö and 581 because it was the 581 grave unearthed by the archeologist.
7461	The Greater China region, which includes mainland China, fetched about 20% of its revenue in the third quarter.
7462	The great Sarah Dumas of Franklin is a good bet to defend her title in the 55 hurdles, but she’ll still have to contend with Isabel Wheeler of Middleboro, West Bridgewater’s Aly Bassett and Billerica’s Nyrah Joseph.
7463	The Greeley Children’s Chorale, a music equivalent of a club-level team in youth sports, is a nonprofit founded more than 30 years ago by former District 6 music educator Kay Copley to complement music education in schools.
7464	The Greenville County Sheriff’s Office frequently conducts training exercises on BJU’s campus.
7465	The Group achieves this by harnessing Ithaca Energy's deep operational expertise and innovative minds to collectively challenge the norm, continually seeking better ways to meet evolving demands.
7466	The group also condemned attempts in some quarters to politicise the killings which it said began long before the current administration of Governor Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi.
7467	The group showcased the benefits of long-term touring, getting behind Olsen’s terrific and emotionally charged voice to create the biggest sound of the weekend.
7468	The Growth for Good Acquisition Corporation does not have significant operations.
7469	The Guinness Book of World Records noted in 1995 that mangoes grown in Zambales are the sweetest in the world.
7470	The gunmen, according to Mogotji, waited until load shedding kicked in at around 8pm.
7471	The Halo Band is screenless, while the Halo View is a more traditional fitness tracker.
7472	The Hang Seng in Hong Kong rose 1.2%, while stock indexes were mixed across Europe.
7473	The Hang Seng Mainland Properties Index and China's CSI 300 Real Estate Index lost more than 2% each.
7474	“The hate is raining down on us,” Anderson said.
7475	The Hawaiian athlete sported a pair of black athletic shorts and a matching black tank top while she further rocked a pair of white Nikes and some flashy gold bracelets.
7476	The headlining show is presented in a new partnership between Llangollen International Musical Eisteddfod and Live Nation promoters Cuffe and Taylor and marks the second announcement for 2024.
7477	The head of the village further pointed out the "failures of administration" here and said that the police released the dead bodies at 2 am with no security.
7478	The heads of those bodies have thus far expressed sharp scepticism towards the Anthropocene, mostly on technical grounds.
7479	The headstrong Elisabeth "Sisi" of Bavaria accompanies her demure sister Helene to meet Franz, as Helene has been groomed to wed the young monarch.
7480	The hearts were the farm, and that wasn’t terribly enjoyable.
7481	The heart, the character, the joy and the at times absolute absurdity of the big screen favourite are all inhabited in the musical, but they are very different and, on the basis of press night at that's no bad thing.
7482	The helicopter landed at in Bangor on its way back from Stoke following an earlier incident in North Wales.
7483	The herding penalty for each pollster is one-half of the difference between a pollster’s actual ADPA and its theoretical minimum ADPA based on sampling error (both of the pollster’s polls and the polling average they’re being compared with).
7484	The HFSA is run by parents, teachers, and friends of the school, its primary focus is to organise fundraising events on behalf of the primary school.
7485	The highly anticipated project contains 13 hits in total, including Miley’s lead single, “Flowers,” which was released back in January.
7486	The highly awaited return of Hartbeat Weekend, a four-day comedy and music extravaganza including Kevin Hart, J. Cole, Jack Harlow, Ludacris, Kaskade, and RL Grime, has been announced by Kevin Hart and his global entertainment firm, Hartbeat.
7487	The highly efficient combination of a Snapdragon 8 Gen 2 processor and 1080p screen plus a 5100 mAh fast recharging battery makes prolonged gaming sessions a reality.
7488	The high ROF, on the other hand, makes this particular gun the fastest LMG in giving it the lowest time-to-kill, albeit at the cost of considerable recoil.
7489	The high school is now the Schofield Middle School.
7490	The high winds are set to hit as high pressure moves away to the east and is replaced by a westerly Atlantic regime.
7491	The hips and knees do their best, but wear and tear, ageing, and injury can happen to anyone.
7492	The Hirshhorn Museum and the National Portrait Gallery are a must-see for art lovers.
7493	The history and projections of the new marker prices show that they are superior to Henry Hub and will generate greater revenues for the country.”
7494	The Hiyao Miyazaki movie was released in 1992.
7495	The homeless charity has a presence in the market for eight weeks, with proceeds going towards its cause.
7496	The homes are high-end, well-designed and modern structures with lots of amenities.
7497	The Home Secretary told LBC: “I’m not going to let my personal feelings cloud my judgment on this but it is clearly wrong, and the police have said that they recognise it is deeply disrespectful for people to climb on war memorials.
7498	The Hoosiers beat the River Hawks 93-37 in November, and Holmes had 17 points, five rebounds and two blocks in just 17 minutes.
7499	The Hope & Anchor was previously home to Arjee Bhajee curry house.
7500	The Horizon Captain and First Officer quickly responded, engine power was not lost and the crew secured the aircraft without incident.
7501	The Hornets (12-14, 5-8) were led by Callum McRae, who recorded 14 points and 16 rebounds.
7502	The horror genre branches out into many different sub-genres, with one of the most popular being teen horror.
7503	“The horror of the news felt even more tangible as my mind was still full of the vivid images of the underwater world.”
7504	The host club won't be involved.
7505	The house was originally built by William Robertson.
7506	The huge ship is a replica of a 17th-century Spanish galleon and is also a 'floating museum' full of historical artefacts and information about life aboard ships of that era during the 1600s.
7507	The Hulk of this era already transitioned into a more noble figure, with him proving his potential through stories alongside the other heroes of the Marvel Universe.
7508	The humanoid robot, called Digit, is bipedal and can squat, bend and grasp items using clasps that imitate hands, the company said in a blog post Wednesday.
7509	The humble hero never credited himself for doing enough to save the children during the war.
7510	The Huskies in the first half had four total points in the paint — including zero in the first quarter.
7511	The Huskies starting pitcher was lefty Jack Habeck a junior from Appleton East HS in Wisconsin threw four innings, he gave up four hits, four runs, two walks and he recorded one strikeout.
7512	The Hypoindex methodology reflects the prevailing average mortgage offer rate for properties valued at 80% of their total worth.
7513	The Icelander deserved a bit more in front of goal.
7514	The iconic R&B group performed one of the film’s songs, “Me and You,” as a heartfelt tribute.
7515	The idea was to have a collective that could bring together all that energy into an outfit that would be bigger than UJFP and born out of solidarity with Palestinians, and with an anti-racist politics that stems from our Judaism.
7516	'The idea with the cash envelopes is that mentally you don't want to spend as much when you see the cash going out versus a debit card where you see the amount but are not really feeling it go away,' Brittany explained.
7517	The IG iBonds offer diversification, defined maturity, regular income distribution, and a very reasonable fee of 0.10%.
7518	The image Mangold shared depicts the titular creature watching over a sunset, accompanied by a caption quoting Samuel Taylor Coleridge's classic poem "The Rime of the Ancient Mariner".
7519	The images capture moments of the Mallard family during their journey to aid the penguins in reaching their home.
7520	"The incident all happened so fast, I told James to get the fire extinguisher.
7521	The incident has heightened tensions between the U.S. and China.
7522	The incident, involving a Nissan Micra, happened at about 12.30pm.
7523	The incident took place in the early hours of Friday morning at around 3:30am on Carclaze Road in St Austell at the junction of the A391.
7524	The incident was reported to Dorset Police at 9.45pm on Friday, March 24 concerning a room in The Crown Hotel in St Thomas Street.
7525	The increase in flights is due to the expansion of national carriers and the attraction of more international airlines to operate from the UAE's airports.
7526	The increase will positively affect approximately 150,000 workers who currently earn less than $16.75 per hour.
7527	The Indian Army contingent was led by the Punjab Regiment, along with the Rajputana Rifles Regiment.
7528	The Indian-South African duo defeated the Dutch-Austrian pair of Robin Haase and Philipp Oswald 6-3, 6-4 in the ATP 250 final on Saturday, completing their run without losing a set.
7529	The indictment accuses the sons of orchestrating the shipment of thousands of pounds of cocaine, marijuana, and other drugs into the U.S. by boat, plane, and other means.
7530	"The indictment of former President Donald Trump on Thursday by a grand jury in Manhattan is an assault on democracy."
7531	The industrial products company reported $1.26 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.17 by $0.09.
7532	The industrial segment saw a 1% increase in volumes, driven by growth in energy, specialized products, and metals and minerals.
7533	The infections involved in these cases were very serious.
7534	The inmate said Bester was seen to be back in cell 35.
7535	The inquest will aim to provide answers to the family of the three American firefighters, while assessing how a similar incident could be avoided as Australia becomes increasingly reliant on LATs to fight fires.
7536	“The inside of his abdomen was a mess with bits of plastic and chunks of material, and we had to make three incisions in his intestine to remove stringy material and a larger incision directly into his stomach to remove chunks of boot liner.
7537	The inspections will be conducted at airports, ports, and postal sorting facilities prior to direct travel to the State of Hawai‘i.
7538	The inspection took place over two days in early January, where all five areas; quality of education, behaviour and attitudes, personal development, leadership and management and early years provision were all graded good.
7539	The institutional investor acquired 5,617 shares of the technology company’s stock, valued at approximately $309,000.
7540	The institutional investor owned 14,415 shares of the semiconductor company’s stock after selling 57 shares during the period.
7541	The institutional investor owned 16,280 shares of the oil and gas company’s stock after buying an additional 1,815 shares during the quarter.
7542	The instructional partners would be similar to instructional coaches and would be highly skilled teachers who help other educators in their school improve their teaching skills, Rainey said.
7543	The insurance provider reported $1.50 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.49 by $0.01.
7544	The intention laid out in the scoping document is that the money should be focused on what are described as age-related costs.
7545	The interest isn’t just altruistic.
7546	The interest rates on a are typically lower than a standard savings account, but a may be better if you're saving for your first home.
7547	The International Cricket Council and Cricket South Africa will provide funding for the tournament," Kodwa said.
7548	The Internet already raised the costs associated with copyright enforcement substantially.
7549	The intervention came as Tories hailed the biggest personal tax cuts since the 1980s - but think-tanks pointed out the burden is still set to hit a post-war high due to a 'stealth raid'.
7550	The introduction of the "One Key" loyalty program is a strategic move aimed at boosting revenue and customer loyalty, offering a glimmer of hope for future growth.
7551	The investigation revealed signs of intoxication.
7552	The investigator sustained the allegations against Piwnicki.
7553	The Investment Community where "Cash Flow is King"
7554	The investment thesis for platinum is based on the assumption that industrial demand will remain strong while supply is likely to disappoint on the downside.
7555	The involuntary manslaughter charges Baldwin is facing carry a maximum sentence of 18 months in jail.
7556	The Ionia City Planning Commission on Wednesday voted 4-0 to approve a request for a special land use from Christopher Mercado, who plans to open an outdoor flea market on his land at 315 Webber St.
7557	The iOS 16.5 update with the build number 20F66 introduces a new Pride Celebration selection of wallpapers claiming to honour the LGBTQ+ community and culture.
7558	The Iowa senator noted that migrants seeking entry to the U.S. across the southern border include foreign nationals from countries across the Pacific Ocean.
7559	The iPhone 13 and iPhone 14 do not have the same screen size.
7560	Their 13 interceptions on the season are the fourth-most in the league, and they can exploit Trubisky’s aggressiveness by pressuring him into taking undue risks.
7561	Their abilities and spellcasting use Charisma, synergizing perfectly with a sorcerer's own spellcasting.
7562	“Their ability to shower and have basic hygiene is restricted, because of that, they’re not let out of their cells.
7563	Their comforting words and skilful healing touch made them so special.
7564	“Their day job is to manufacture soap dispensers.
7565	Their debut album features members of Suicidal Tendencies and Exodus.
7566	Their early records were so different from even the disco-oriented rap of Kurtis Blow or Sugarhill Gang.
7567	Their efforts were successful.
7568	Their friendship eventually leads to something more in a sweet spin on a classic high school romance that explores queerness, emotional safety, and hard decisions.
7569	Their hearts are in the right place to do the right things.
7570	Their marriage was annulled a year later.
7571	Their more recent shared histories created a friendship that can lend itself to more on Y&R.
7572	Their one saving grace and why they have two wins has been their Top 10 defense through six games.
7573	Their passport numbers are: G1262918; G0390695 and G3415693.
7574	Their prospects look great as I suspect the firm will grab a lot of work when it comes to repairing the RAAC concrete mess, and I hear that scandal is set to grow and grow.
7575	Their relationship is one of dependency, with Tanaka's survival depending on Ohta's generosity, kindness, and overall caring demeanor.
7576	Their spokesperson Cllr Linda Dorward says there has been a 16 per cent drop locally in the three years to March 2023.
7577	Their starting pitcher, you have to give him credit.
7578	The Islamic rights group alleged that the said act “has been on for more than five years”, condemning the Babajide -led administration.
7579	The Israeli prime minister preferred his own definition recounting for Mr. Biden the horrors of the Oct. 7 attack by Hamas, describing women being raped, soldiers being beheaded and children hunted down in hiding places in their homes.
7580	“The jargon of therapy is not this sort of unchallengeable gospel truth,” says Ross.
7581	The Joe Joyce vs Zhilei Zhang boxing match starts at 2:00 p.m. ET.
7582	The joint venture, registered and located in India, whose founders on the Russian side are Rosoboronexport and Kalashnikov Concern (both subsidiaries of the Rostec State Corporation), has started producing Kalashnikov assault rifles, it said.
7583	The journalists reported from Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and towns and kibbutzim in southern Israel.
7584	The Jubilee line was originally grey but got upgraded to silver to commemorate the late queen's Silver Jubilee.
7585	The judge "basically said that if the money was being used for attorneys' fees or other costs like that, there was no basis for a fine," Boyle said.
7586	The judge has yet to decide what exactly needs to change.
7587	The judge is Engoron.
7588	The Justice League of Earth-3, the Crime Syndicate runs their world.
7589	The Kaizer Zulus decided to sell the companies of Zambia to their foreign lovers, now they want to blame HH for their misguided privatisation.
7590	The Kano State Governor, Dr Abdullahi Gandjue, on Sunday, directed the acting Chairman of the Kano State Consumer Protection Council, Dr Baffa Babba Danâ€™agundi, to shut down Wellcare Supermarket.
7591	The KCC English Department were in awe of the creativity, use of language and general expression to produce spooky short stories worthy of a read around any bonfire on Halloween night.”
7592	The Keelhaulers (0-2) struggled offensively, making 29-percent of their field goals, with Tech holding a 45-28 rebound edge.
7593	The keyboard is built to last with IP57 waterproofing and dust resistance and durable aluminum alloy top plate.
7594	The key issue now was to expand the army in personnel and equipment (armament).
7595	The keynote event is a screening of the award-winning film “Descendant,” a documentary that chronicles the discovery of the Clotilda.
7596	The keynote speakers would be Prof Robert Thurman, an American Buddhist scholar who was awarded the Padma Shri in 2020, and Thich Tri Quang, the deputy patriarch of Vietnam Buddhist Sangha.
7597	The Kilty B’s, who swept Meteors seven games to none head-to-head in the regular season, took the ice hoping to go up 2-0 after skating to a 2-1 victory on Friday night at Dave Andreychuk Mountain Arena in Hamilton.
7598	The kiosk is currently operating on the IGT platform that will open additional North American markets for the product.
7599	The kiss wasn’t anything serious.
7600	The Kogi State Chairman of the Nigeria Union of Teachers, Joel Salifu, has said teachers will decide who will lead the state in 2023 after the tenure of Governor Yahaya Bello.
7601	The Labour leader pushed the activist away from the microphone with his right arm before security arrived.
7602	The labour leader said that a panel to include lawyers, trade unions, educators, industrial relations experts and activists would be set up in all states of the federation to listen to each of the cases presented to it.
7603	The Labour Party in Scotland is not London Labour and shouldn’t ever be sounding like it.
7604	The ladies kicked off the episode by opening up about the name change, and explained why they aren’t using their husbands’ last names (Chigvintsev for Nikki and Danielson for Brie) now that they’ve gotten rid of ‘Bella.’
7605	The lad, Reggie, can't handle the heat and flops around the house looking for a cool spot behind closed curtains.
7606	The LaFerrari﻿ is one of only 499 ever made, and US vendors Ferrari South Bay said this was "likely" the only one that had been finished in black Nero Daytona.
7607	The Lancashire Telegraph's best guess on how might line-up against Leicester City in the Championship.
7608	The landowners of Nabou Pine have praised the current management of Fiji Pine Ltd, despite some calling for CEO Vimlesh Kumar to step down.
7609	The largest increase in TDs since 1980 would be achieved by the Electoral Commission also recommending that the number of constituencies be increased from 39 to 43.
7610	The Last of Us brings together the blockbuster cinematic experience of movies, the nuanced writing of great novels, and the drawn-out character-driven narratives of television—a feat few games ever accomplish, even now.
7611	The last time a sitting American president was in Canada was when Donald Trump came to Quebec for the G7 Leaders’ Summit in June 2018.
7612	The latter is an SEC- registered digital asset company that may have accepted money and technology from a China-based firm,…
7613	The law offered survivors restitution of $25,000 as a token of the harm they incurred.
7614	The law says driving records could be released if regulations allow for their dissemination.
7615	The lawsuit seeks at least $10 million in damages from each of the three defendants.
7616	The lawyer said that during the current proceedings the woman involved had sent the defendant messages, saying she wanted to see him again and opposing the current restraining order.
7617	The layoffs affected nearly 5 percent of Microsoft's global workforce.
7618	The leader of this unit, Shiro Ishii, and his team received immunity from the Americans in exchange for their data, which were thought to be useful.
7619	The left-handed hitter also went into the upper deck to the left of center in the series opener Monday and again Wednesday — those going 459 and 453 feet.
7620	The legislation would also allow for the removal of gun licences from people engaged in family violence, as well as increase maximum penalties for gun smuggling and trafficking to 14 years from 10.
7621	The legislative package, filed in January, would go a long way in addressing what the drivers say is unfair treatment – low pay, and few workplace protections – by providing them with the ability to unionize.
7622	The LEGO Icons Bouquet of Roses is priced at $59.99 and is set for a January 2024 release.
7623	The letter also acknowledged that Graham self-reported the violation.
7624	The Liberal government has introduced a bill that would amend the CRCC's mandate to require the RCMP commissioner to respond to reports from the watchdog within six months — addressing a long-standing complaint of critics.
7625	The lies started that Sunday, April 18, as Derby-Lewis began to “sing like a canary” in Holmes’s words.
7626	The lights are even out at the Paul J. Schupf Art Center.
7627	The light went out.”
7628	The Lions are competing with Norwich City and Portsmouth to win the inaugural 'EFL Innovation Award'
7629	The list includes Dmitry Utkin, a Wagner commander who is believed to be a co-founder of the mercenary group.
7630	The litigation could take years to play out.
7631	The living room has a window facing onto George Street and views out to sea from the kitchen window.
7632	The local community in Champlain, New York, sees problems with the illegal migrant traffic going both ways.
7633	The loggerhead turtle is recognised as an endangered species in NSW.
7634	The long-predicted effects of anthropogenic climate change are emerging with the dread of knowing we could have avoided them and the fear that we may fail to avoid much worse to come.
7635	The loss ultimately left Brazil third in the group following Jamaica's 1-0 victory over Panama.
7636	The low yield can’t satisfy income-seeking investors, but the annualized dividend growth rate is excellent.
7637	The M1887’s motion pace can also be quick, permitting gamers to catch as much as opponents extra simply.
7638	The magnificence of it exceeded all expectations… The golden sturgeon from Sheksna and the silver pheasant from the Caucasian woods held a rendezvous with strawberries so seldom to be had in our latitude in winter…
7639	The main ‘business centre’ is found on Vicar’s Street in Mitchell.
7640	The main focus of today’s column is to wrap-up consideration of the World Bank’s Staff Conclusions reached in its Guyana SCD (Systematic Country Diagnostic), 2020.
7641	The Major Accident Investigation Unit is investigating the incident.
7642	The man, Andrey Desmond, 30, from New Britain, Conn., is being held on a $250,000 bond.
7643	The man brought Avigail into his home to hide with his wife and children and then left the house to find a gun.
7644	The man, in his 50s, was found on Bridge Road, at the corner of Warrington Road by members of the public at 6.15am and has been taken to hospital.
7645	The man next to her adds: "Putin is a responsible leader.
7646	The Mansfield Senior Cubs had a winning game in their home opener against the Orillia Majors at Mansfield Park on Sunday, May 14.
7647	The man was spotted in the centre of Romiley, near the train station, at around 9pm on Wednesday evening (November 15).
7648	The man who was found in Weymouth.
7649	The March primary expenditures (net of interest payments) reached P408.0 billion, 4.22 percent (P18.0 billion) below the previous year’s figure.
7650	The Marsh is now open for Swindon drivers.
7651	‘The Marvelous Mrs. Maisel’ Creator Duo Gets 2-Season Order for Ballet Drama at Prime Videothewrap.
7652	The Marvels Villain: Who Is Dar-Benn in the MCU & What Are Her Powers?
7653	The Maryland National Guard celebrates 20 years of partnership with the Armed Forces of Bosnia and Herzegovina through the National Guard Bureau’s State Partnership Program.
7654	The mass democratic movement (MDM) in Eswatini has been calling for political reforms.
7655	“The massive root would have anchored this tooth firmly to the jaw, allowing megalodon the bite through any whale or dolphin it could catch,” Godfrey said.
7656	The match was a personal triumph for Cummins, whose decision to field first was vindicated as India — which had won all 10 of its previous matches at the tournament — was held to a modest 240 all out.
7657	Thematically, distinguishes itself from by adopting tropes from gothic horror/urban fantasy tropes, cataloging player characters as exorcists of the paranormal, rather than just catalogers.
7658	The matinee is designed for families and those that need a more relaxed theatre experience.
7659	The matter was postponed to 12 June 2023 for the outcome of representation.
7660	The Mayor’s Charity Benefit is this Saturday, May 13, 6 to 11 p.m., at The Burrow, 1000 Green District Blvd. Massachusetts Secretary of Education, Patrick Tutwiler, recently toured the Assabet Valley Regional Technical High School.
7661	The MCD House witnessed high-decibel protests by BJP councillors after Oberoi declared that a vote cast during the standing committee election was "invalid".
7662	The McLaren driver said he had never thought of leaving the sport as he admitted his “life goal” was to compete in F1.
7663	The measure comes as authorities across the country grapple with how to boost China's flagging birth rate after the country's first population drop in six decades.
7664	The measures were largely successful, with the wave of cases subsiding.
7665	The media often fails to mention Donald Trump's efforts to stop Frieza from acquiring the 7 dragon balls on planet Namek.
7666	“The meeting with M&S was extremely encouraging and positive, and I hope we can welcome back M&S to our town.”
7667	The Meiteis need to reimagine themselves — and to let go of the nostalgia of the past,” Meitei scholar and professor at JNU, Bimol Akoijam, said.
7668	The members earned money through those websites and also convinced followers to empty their savings accounts to donate to the cause.
7669	The memory this child interviewer's time with Kate Winslet will surely live on in her mind and heart forever if she decides to continue pursuing journalism.
7670	The men also described the bags as “soft and soggy.”
7671	The men told police that Stephens is their friend and they had all gone to the Chatoyer National Park at Rabacca to cook.
7672	The menu at Nae Bad Food features burgers, nachos, and dirty fries, plus a few surprises.
7673	The menu offers a variety of milk teas, tea lattes and slushes.
7674	The mercury has hit 110F in Phoenix, Arizona for 13 days in a row as officials advised residents to limit outdoor activities, and be alert to signs of heat exhaustion and heat stroke.
7675	The messages will also be promoted through pitchside digital LED boards, large flags presented on the pitch, giant screens in stadiums and via social media.
7676	The message to CU’s new, 6-foot-11 center was that while he didn’t need to challenge for the Pac-12 free throw title, if he wanted to be on the floor late in close games, he needed to be able to knock down his foul shots.
7677	The Metropolitan Nashville Police Department has meanwhile confirmed to the same source that its investigation currently indicates “that the alarm originated from the area of the shooter’s entry” at The Covenant School on Monday morning.
7678	The Mexican was criticised and penalised for moves on Yuki Tsunoda and Alex Albon in recent races, and Palmer says the 33-year-old's frustration is harming his race craft.
7679	The Miami Trace Local School District held its very first Back to School Bash on Friday.
7680	The micro transit program started in his office.
7681	The midfielder joined the Hammers in a £30m deal, while Mitrovic is on the brink of a £45m move to Saudi Arabia.
7682	The Mind Lab Pro supplement is made with safe and tested ingredients.
7683	The mini-series is set to be a thrilling and action-packed journey produced by Netflix and debuting in the New Year.
7684	The minister also mentioned that we will implement the programme soon,” he said.
7685	The Minister explained that the mass transit buses will be launched in December to address challenges of transportation that pave way for one-chance operations.
7686	The minister said that the state government has developed health infrastructure in the government hospitals including a tuberculosis registry, cancer registry, and health registry systems.
7687	The Ministry of Communications and Digital Economy, has revealed that the Nigerian cyberspace recorded 3,834,244 attacks before, during and after the governorship and state assembly elections.
7688	The ministry said that it will also provide assistance and services to pilgrims through the virtual hospital, following its success during last year’s Haj season.
7689	The ministry stated that greater than 90 Palestinians had additionally been wounded.
7690	The Minute Man statue by Daniel Chester French in Minute Man National Historical Park, Concord, Massachusetts.
7691	The misprint led to an annual tradition, with the arrival of the internet opening up new possibilities for the service.
7692	The Miss Earth Pageant was established in 2001 in the Philippines as a means of using pageantry to promote environmental preservation.
7693	The MLS explains that, in the 95th minute, the coach received a red card and was kicked out of the game by officials.
7694	The model is also mom to son King Cairo, 10, with rapper Tyga, but rarely posts pictures of the youngsters on her Instagram page.
7695	The model taking a dip in June last year.
7696	The model-turned-actor, who was initially famous for his work in TV show “Heena” and movies such as “Yeh Mohabbat Hai” and “Nayee Padosan”, found a career turnaround with Kashyap’s “Ugly”.
7697	The money allocated to the school grant is reckless?
7698	The money raised will provide care and support for people living with MND and their families and carers.
7699	The monthly subscription costs £15.99 and there is no contract.
7700	The more fun outdoor toys at your children’s disposal, the longer they’ll want to run around in the sunshine and not in your home office.
7701	The more we can lean into his solutions and add our own, the faster we can get to a healthier society.
7702	"The mortgage is about $210,000," the caller said.
7703	The most poignant moment came when Wolobah’s mother, Lois, approached her son’s photo, staring up at it, calling out his name several times and sobbing.
7704	The most powerful telescope ever sent to space, Webb launched on December 25, 2021, and NASA shared its first set of scintillating images on July 12, 2022.
7705	The most recent AVL Watchdog ‘Down Town’ story with a NAMI executive quoted for a few hundred words still fails to comprehensively assess CWD issues.
7706	The mothers The Sun Online spoke to expressed they felt embarrassed to arrive at The Little Village at first - and afraid people would judge them.
7707	The MoU will enable teams from ENEC and GE Hitachi to assess potential opportunities to implement affordable, clean nuclear energy using GE Hitachi’s innovative BWRX-300 reactor plant design.
7708	The move is among the most dramatic in a series of US escalations against TikTok, which is owned by Chinese tech company ByteDance.
7709	The Movement For Multi-Party Democracy (MMD) in Zambia has called on the government to establish a special team of experts to find a permanent solution to the country’s energy challenges.
7710	The move paves the way for companies seeking to build and operate a nuclear power plant to use the 50MW advanced light-water SMR design developed by NuScale Power.
7711	The move, which comes on the heels of Qantas converting two of its A330s to freight services, is being seen as a further offshoring of local jobs, an accusation Mr Joyce has denied.
7712	The M&S Collection dress won't restrict you, either, as it has been made with a stretch fabric.
7713	The mud surrounding the springs is also believed to have skin-healing properties, making it a preferred choice for those seeking both adventure and rejuvenation.
7714	The murder took place in the Ihiala Local Government Area of Anambra State when the policemen were on their way to Abia State.
7715	The museum will also feature examples of Bowie’s “cut up” songwriting process — a writing method in which he would slice up potential lyrics and rearrange them to find new meaning.
7716	The Mutoko and Makumbe copies were shown at the Pompidou alongside one another, just as they had been exhibited 82 years earlier in 1937 at New York’s Museum of Modern Art (MoMA).
7717	The mythology of American exceptionalism is one hell of a drug.
7718	Then add this cool mist desktop humidifier to your bedroom.
7719	Then, after 25 minutes, Helston looked to be taking control of the match after Katy Barker-Thomas slotted home for a second.
7720	The Nasrul-Lahi-l-Faatih Society has said the ongoing games by the Muslim society will tackle Islamic racialism among the youths.
7721	The national chairman of the New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP), Professor Rufai Ahmed Alkali, has alleged that two other governors, apart from the G5, are threatening to dump Atiku.
7722	The National Climate Assessment is the “definitive document,” Stampone said, that summarizes the best up-to-date climate science and details how humans are influencing it and how it is influencing humans.
7723	The national economic outlook is souring, and workers without postsecondary training tend to be hit harder economically during recessions.
7724	The national gang list had been created as an intelligence tool rather than as an official statistic, and using it as a single measure to track total gang membership had the potential to be misleading.
7725	The National Party meeting at Lough Erne last November.
7726	The National Security and Intelligence Committee of Parliamentarians includes MPs from multiple parties, as well as one senator.
7727	The National Zoo's three giant pandas - Mei Xiang, Tian Tian and their cub Xiao Qi Ji - are set to return to China in early December with no public signs that the 50-year-old exchange agreement struck by President Richard Nixon will continue.
7728	“The nation’s fentanyl import crisis should not be conflated with safe personal drug importation,” Levitt said.
7729	The NATO and European Union member said on Feb. 8 it believed Russia still had the strength to exert "credible military pressure" on the Baltic region, where the security risk has risen for the medium and long-term.
7730	Then decided to have some fun with the hacker.
7731	The need for balance in your public and private life is apparent, due to the potential greater sense of responsibility taking place in both of these areas.
7732	The Netsmart uplift program is a client-focused opportunity that enables provider organizations to seamlessly upgrade their existing solution to an advanced Netsmart EHR solution.
7733	The Net Zero, Energy & Transport Committee wants to bring an end to the current system for managing Scotland's lifeline services which it says 'is not working'.
7734	The new analysis commissioned by Greenpeace found the UK is the top country in Europe for private jet flights, with one taking off every six minutes last year.
7735	The new associate auction specialists will manage relationships with iamproperty’s network of over 6,000 partner agents, supporting agents to win instructions and push through sales.
7736	The new clip shows off some new characterss that will probably get their own posters in short order.
7737	The new development follows the completion of Frontier Park Blackburn where nearly 1,000,000 sq ft was speculatively built and is now fully let.
7738	The new facility is open 7 a.m.-11 p.m. daily.
7739	The new goal could be getting Diane to violate the terms of her bail agreement so that she gets sent back to jail to await trial.
7740	The new government has no objections to cogeneration facilities that utilize wood; however, in Narva, shale is combined with wood.
7741	The new guidance discusses the risks arising from dealing with virtual assets and virtual asset service providers, including on due diligence for licensed financial institutions when dealing with these customers and counterparties, the statement said.
7742	The newly-launched guide, which provides delicious and traditional recipes for Iftar and Suhoor, celebrates Dubai's culinary diversity and unique cultural blend as well as its emergence as a gastronomic hub, she said.
7743	The newly surfaced 2.36-minute-long video shows the attackers forcefully entering a separate area where prison officials were in the process of taking wounded Tillu Tajpuriya a.k.a. Sunil Maan.
7744	The new main stage at FØRGE is twice the size of anything they’ve had previously, and they’re bringing in ex-Gatecrasher lighting techs to curate stunning laser shows, pyrotechnics and confetti airbursts.
7745	The new Note 12 series smartphones from Redmi come with AMOLED displays and were unveiled earlier this month.
7746	The new numbers give us even more perspective into the growth and worth of startups that help other companies run payroll.
7747	The new ownership is planning to re-brand the property under a new name The Piqua Center.
7748	The news is the black pug Bean is also now feeling his age.
7749	The New South Welshman is now Australia’s fifth-highest run scorer in Tests with 8,651, having overtaken past greats Matthew Hayden (8,625) and Michael Clarke (8,643) during the 211-ball vigil.
7750	The new strategy has been launched within a month of the first primary contests – the Iowa caucuses on 15 January and the New Hampshire primary on 23 January.
7751	The new version may be more current, but the old one rings more true.
7752	'The next beach along had hundreds of people because it was the summer holidays for the Christmas break.'
7753	The next largest competitors, Nvidia and Sony, have around 10% to 20% share each.
7754	The next thing I had a concern about was, “Gee, is anyone going to watch it?”
7755	Then, he discussed the inspiration for her name.
7756	Then, in 2019, King County Detective Kathleen Decker uploaded crime scene DNA to a different database and came back with two possible matches, the defendant and his brother.
7757	Then it delivers content based on not just what a child says she wants but also what is statistically most likely to keep children like her glued to the screen.
7758	Then last month, a consumer finance provider, Latitude Group Holdings Ltd., said from some 14 million customer accounts over nearly 20 years.
7759	The Nola brothers met up briefly before the series began, but the friendly chatter ceased once the games began.
7760	The Northern Lights could be coming to New York, Ireland and much of Canada.
7761	The northwest is divided between land de facto controlled by Turkey and by Hayat Tahrir al-Sham, a rebel group with ties to al-Qaida.
7762	The notorious Irish hardman didn't take kindly at all to the then 22-year-old questioning him about the direction of the club.
7763	Then, she quoted one of the AI bot’s suggestions, “I promise to be your partner in life with the enthusiasm of a golfer’s first hole-in-one.”
7764	The NSW government is holding the service with Cessnock and Singleton councils as a way to bring together those affected by the crash at Greta on June 11, which killed 10 people and injured dozens more.
7765	Then there was Brighton at the Amex Stadium on Monday.
7766	Then they had a discussion about depression, and Greta helped Theo feel better about the decision to end the bird’s suffering.
7767	Then they won't let him on the flight.
7768	The Nuggets were seen as a flimsy No. 1 seed coming into the playoffs, but that’s not been the case at all.
7769	The Nuggets, who are rested and deep, are most likely the Heat’s toughest challenge to date.
7770	The number of documents available grew as the criminal investigation evolved.
7771	The number of enrolled voters is 17.6 million.
7772	"The number of Europeans who still smoke cigarettes, especially in restaurants.
7773	The number of penguin nests in Port Lockroy surged to 978 in the 2021/ 2022 breeding season.
7774	Then we got up and running, and we decided with Amazon and Paramount and everyone, we can do back-to-back.
7775	Then, when Cleary was ruled out of Origin II with a hamstring injury, NSW felt Hynes, who plays predominantly on the right side of the field for Cronulla, was too similar to Moses – who also plays largely on the right – and that only one could play.
7776	Then, when I was around seven or eight, we began going to Nethy Bridge.
7777	Then, you can quickly request the removal of those results from Google — right in the tool.
7778	Then you're left in a situation where you either pay the ransom or can you recover?
7779	“The Oakland Police Department (OPD) has seen an uptick in residential burglaries where the individuals involved are disguised as Amazon workers,” the department said in a Thursday Facebook announcement.
7780	The objects in these films, after all, are not just products; they signify a specific slice of a time, perhaps a specific type of childhood.
7781	The occupants of the SUV were taken to a hospital with moderate injuries.
7782	The odds were similar at multiple sportsbooks.
7783	The offer is good with an adult purchase, and only at participating locations.
7784	The officers noticed a number of used nitrous oxide cannisters littered throughout his car and decided to search the vehicle where they discovered a quantity of cannabis resin with an estimated street resale value of between £3,000 and £6,000.
7785	The oft-repeated saying about how fast time flies is unfortunately one of those inexorable truths.
7786	The old promise – creative workers would be better protected than others from mechanisation – imploded overnight.
7787	The old structures don’t have vertical side panels that provide additional shade.
7788	The once-prominent legal scion was stone-faced as he learned his fate at the Colleton County Courthouse in Walterboro, just hours after the jury returned the guilty verdicts following less than three hours of deliberation.
7789	The one drawback to adding a squat rack to your home gym is that they require a lot of space.
7790	…the one near Pinon Lake and the Pagosa Springs Golf Course, northeast of City Market… one near Lake Hatcher… and the one in Aspen Springs.
7791	“The one point I want to make is, yesterday, there were 200,000 pro-Israel demonstrators, with a permit, entirely peaceful,” Sherman said.
7792	The one starter typing that has been neglected by the Tera Raid battles is Grass-type, and it's highly likely that the next seven-star Tera Raid will finally put it back in the spotlight.
7793	The online news bill could pass as early as this month.
7794	The online portal provides an accessible way to connect people with opportunities to provide input and recommendations to help shape the services they need.
7795	The only complaint was that the amount of food was a lot,” said Pammy.
7796	"The only thing on anybody's mind."
7797	“The only way for me to have the economic space is by having a policy that favours me in the market.”
7798	The opera part didnâ€™t intimidate me as much because I don’t play Tamino in an opera.
7799	The operation is focused on the production of gold and copper in concentrate, which also contains some silver, and the production of pyrite concentrate, which contains gold.
7800	The Option may be subject to such other terms and conditions on the time or times when it may be exercised (which may be based on performance or other criteria) as the Committee may deem appropriate.
7801	The organizer is one of the best jewelry organizers on Amazon because it’s large and offers plenty of storage.
7802	The original Greenbelt Act and subsequent changes have set and amended the protected area’s boundaries through regulation, a process that allows for judicial review of the government’s actions, Minotar lawyer Paul Fruitman said.
7803	The original location is in Bozeman next to the MSU campus and the second location is in downtown Livingston.
7804	The original story continues below.
7805	The Oscar-nominated actor is part of a truly star-studded ensemble.
7806	The other 4% still think John Howard's the prime minister.
7807	The other occupant of the home who called the fire in was not injured.
7808	The other reason is that, since "Following" is a neo-noir with a non-linear structure, this use of black and white is both a nod to noir tradition and a winking contrast to the film's ambiguity.
7809	The other two alternatives included the villages of Pedase and Altküla, however Altküla could potentially face flood risks due to climate change.
7810	The other two trials ended in hung juries.
7811	The Ottawa Senators fully support the NHL’s rules on gambling.
7812	The outer London boroughs of Bexley, Bromley, Harrow and Hillingdon along with Surrey County Council launched legal action in February over the Labour mayor’s proposals to extend Ulez beyond the North and South Circular roads.
7813	The outgoing President, Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Comrade Ayuba Waba, who spoke on frictions between employers and employees, called for respect for mutual agreements, and conformity with the standard of the International Labour Organisation (ILO).
7814	The outlet also claimed morale had been dwindling among the cast as they are not kept up to date on Costner's negotiations with producers.
7815	The outlet says Rijeka have been expecting bids for their best players such as Frigan and 'it's only a matter of time' before someone meets their asking price.
7816	The Outlook for the Economy Has Improved.
7817	The outside doesn’t look like anything to write home about.
7818	The owner of the address, in Princess Close, has escaped injury, Hampshire and Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue Service has told the County Press.
7819	The owners have vowed to reopen and have thanked the community for its support.
7820	The owner's husband Harry is taking part in the hike too.
7821	The Oyo State Police Command has reacted to an alleged invasion by suspected herdsmen of a Community Secondary School in Alaropo Nla in Orire Local Government Area of the state on Thursday.
7822	The pack rides during the seventh stage of the Tour de France cycling race over 170 kilometers (105.5 miles) with start in Mont-de-Marsan and finish in Bordeaux, France, Friday, July 7, 2023.
7823	The pagan Romans got their thrills from death and suffering in the gladiatorial games in arenas.
7824	The pair hit it off, and after a few jokes back and forth Clancy agreed to allow Danny Boy back in his bar.
7825	The pair usually trade in tandem but, so far in 2023, prices have been moving in opposite directions.
7826	The pair were said to get on well, but Benedict’s later interventions on some sensitive subjects meant he stayed a standard-bearer for conservative Catholics who did not like his successor’s more liberal stance.
7827	The Pan American Games organization said it filled its role by hiring Marcelo Ithurralde, an expert commissioned by the association, to take the measurements for the race.
7828	The Pandas look to take the next step, with the potential to not lose any of their team in the next season.
7829	The pandemic pushed people towards digitisation and they adopted cards and started making online payments for daily usage.
7830	The panel also proposed a new offence covering the act of secretly filming someone for sexual purposes, and lengthening the statute of limitations for sexual violence against minors, to allow them more time to come forward.
7831	The parent company of both SJM Concerts and Wolves, SJM Holdings, reported a turnover of £280.5m, up from £85.4m, while its pre-tax profits grew from £4.1m to £16.
7832	The parent didn’t do anything wrong and “” is unconstitutional for good reason.
7833	THE parish of Slaidburn with Tosside is going to be making an historic move in the summer when it moved from being part of the Diocese of Leeds and becomes part of the Diocese of Blackburn.
7834	The park service says at least 34 mountain lions have been killed by vehicles since 2002 within its study area, which includes the Santa Monica Mountains, Simi Hills and Verdugo mountains.
7835	The participants of the talks emphasized the effectiveness of the Belarusian-Russian consultations held in Minsk on the same day.
7836	The partnership will also support health insurance products and programs offered through SelectHealth, which will provide Medicare Advantage and Individual ACA (Affordable Care Act) plans, pending regulatory approval, beginning on January 1, 2024.
7837	The party gained 13 seats while the Conservatives lost 10 – enough to flip the council from Tory to Labour control.
7838	The party said Rahul Gandhi had raised his voice against the BJP regime where industrialists who looted public money and fled to overseas destinations.
7839	The party said that the rift between its presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar and Governor is not enough to stall PDP's activities.
7840	The pastor has since apologised in a post on the church’s Facebook page, saying that his research of Carpenter “did not reveal anything questionable."
7841	The Patriots got crushed on the road last weekend and they are getting crushed at home this week.
7842	“The payment system is silently becoming a reverse Robin Hood, generating billions in untaxed side income for rich people.”
7843	The payment will apply retroactively to all qualifying losses since January 1, 2023.
7844	The PDP candidate, now serving as the Minister of State for Defence, had accused the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) of subverting his victory at the poll by failing to include the results of some ward areas.
7845	"The perception is we have less value, we probably have less legal standing.
7846	The perks in these categories share common traits, and their effects are instantly recognizable.
7847	The personality then quiets down, becomes poised and grateful for direction.
7848	The person will typically experience physical and emotional symptoms as well.
7849	The PG-13 AI horror flick slipped just 41% in its second weekend to $17.9 million through Sunday and $21.2 million through Monday.
7850	The Phase 1 dose-escalation portion of the trial seeks to identify a safe, tolerable dose that increases PPi levels, and that can be used for further clinical development.
7851	The piece of art is the school's first mural.
7852	The pieces of clothing range from an $8 face mask to a $300 jacket.
7853	The Pine Creek High School student seemed hesitant and bought herself a few extra seconds by spinning the wheel.
7854	The pipeline “was going to move forward with or without this bill,” Jean-Pierre said Tuesday.
7855	The Pittsburgh Steelers way is that we get our way with opposing defensive lines.
7856	The plan did not immediately materialise as other pressing requirements, such as the construction of additional classrooms, took precedence when the government grant was received.
7857	The plan had yet to be finalized, and the bargainers continued to haggle over crucial details that could make or break any deal.
7858	The planned change in the law will help ensure timely compliance with the requirements for fuels, leaving a smaller environmental footprint and ensuring a fair market for all," said Michal.
7859	The Plan remains subject to the final approval of the TSX Venture Exchange.
7860	The plastic-y costumes, cheesy practical effects, and general goofiness really lent themselves to a comic book adaptation.
7861	The platform offers unmatched wallet screening capabilities and the ability to “know your transaction” better than ever.
7862	The platform will be managed by the Nanjing University of Information Science and Technology (NUIST).
7863	The player character, Beatrix, is a rancher tasked with collecting plorts, a special resource to sell to a voracious off-world market.
7864	The Play that Goes Wrong, Mon May 22, 3:30 PM, Valley High School – Room 1731https://www.
7865	The plethora of signs offering free naloxone indicates that may be another popular service.
7866	The plumbing and heating engineer was jailed at Inverness Sheriff Court today after a jury found him guilty of breaking the child’s femur.
7867	The PM and Home Secretary Suella Braverman are expected to announce new legislation in the next few weeks to ensure migrants are “detained and swiftly removed” – and also unable to exploit the asylum system.
7868	The PM's official spokesman told reporters on Thursday that No10 was looking at the incident, saying of the article: "It was not agreed by No10 - it was not cleared by No10".
7869	The police have taken over a long-term lease on the former Toll warehouse on Sawmill Circuit in Hume and the presence of police coming and going from the commercial suburb has received the vote of approval from local businesses.
7870	The police seized the contraband, which has an estimated black market value of more than Rs 40 lakh, and arrested three people who were travelling in the lorry.
7871	The poll went on to say Eby is the most popular of B.C. party leaders, with 52 per cent of voters surveyed approving of his leadership.
7872	The polyester-wool tweed makes for a lightweight jacket while retaining an authentic look, as if the material were 100% wool.
7873	The pope will be able to pray in front of this special image two days in a row: on Aug. 5, when he goes to Fátima, and again on Aug. 6 in Lisbon.
7874	The popular presenter has wowed fans with her outfits on ITV covering the Women's World Cup.
7875	The populations of large cities in the region have been particularly affected.
7876	The portion size is near enough spot on for me too.
7877	The Portuguese forward’s third goal in five games secured a 1-0 victory.
7878	The port was declared as a major port under the Indian Ports Act, 1908 in March 1999 and incorporated as Ennore Port Limited under the Companies Act, 1956 in October 1999.
7879	The Post now meets at the Pike Township Community Center, located on State Route 774 outside of Mt. Orab.
7880	"The posture of the person sitting down really depends on what they're doing with their hands," Hedge said.
7881	The potential delay is because of the ongoing strikes by the Writer’s Guild of America and SAG AFTRA actors, which has suspended production on almost all Hollywood and American streaming projects.
7882	The Poway City Council will meet at 7 p.m. Tuesday to consider installation of a wireless facility at the end of Cobblestone Creek Road.
7883	The powder room comes with black tiled floors and a vanity.
7884	The PPP/C Government was not installed on 5th August 2020 by anyone but was duly elected, legally and legitimately by the voice of the people, after a much-fought general election on 2nd March 2020 which they won by a majority of 33 seats.
7885	The practice building soon became the office headquarters for Greenward, who have operated from the site for more than a decade.
7886	The preferred date moved forward after departure and Ancelotti said yes.
7887	The Premier League has laid out about 80 alleged breaches of its financial rules and has accused City of 30 more, which relate to its supposed failure to co-operate with the investigation.
7888	The Premiership season might still be two weeks away but the refereeing conspiracy theories are off and running.
7889	The presentation night was held in honour of Keith Nutter, who played a massive role in setting up Furness Raiders to train the next generation of Barrow’s First Team.
7890	The President is expected to deliver his inaugural national statement on the floor of the UN headquarters on September 19.
7891	The president stressed that the siege would not be lifted until "all the criminals" were apprehended.
7892	The president will travel to…
7893	The price chart reflects a promising uptrend, but for SOL to embark on another thrilling rally, certain market conditions and developments must align.
7894	The price of one bitcoin hit as high as $42,089 during the morning, the highest it had been since early April 2022.
7895	The prices of the country's imports stood 9.1 per cent higher in December than a year ago, in terms of the won currency, compared with 14.0 per cent in November and a near 14-year high of 36.5 per cent in May, central bank data showed on Friday.
7896	“The primary elections will be held on January 7, 2024.
7897	The Prime Minister visited a hospital in the north east of England this morning, where he announced plans to tackle the crisis in the NHS and reduce waiting times.
7898	“The problem is I don’t know if PETA’s going to allow that, though.
7899	The problem is, they are absolutely right.
7900	The problem wasn’t the facilities.
7901	The problem with AAPL is if most already own it, who is left to buy?
7902	The process of writing helped Lorraine through difficult times and allowed her to express feelings and emotions while protecting those close to her.
7903	The production crew missed the shot of Shida tossing her kendo stick into the ring.
7904	The project will be implemented in four phases.
7905	The promotional ad which Google has created in collaboration with the NBA features prominent players holding and using the Pixel Fold.
7906	The property will be open market, but is subject to 12 planning conditions.
7907	The proposal is being made after communities were asked for their opinion on options that would reduce library opening hours.
7908	The proposals now must be approved by the Metro Council, which must have three readings of the bill with final approval after the third reading.
7909	The proposals were approved by city councillors at a planning committee meeting on Monday.
7910	The prosecution would just have to prove that Trump was the direct cause of the false entry – meaning someone followed his specific directions.
7911	The prosecutor summarizes a mass of wiretap conversations between defendants and others, the significance of which is not explained.
7912	The province says the students were enrolled from the 1982-83 to 1989-90 school years, and the assessments were done when they reached Grade 12, between 1993 and 2001.
7913	The provincial health ministry there has put measures in place to encourage better working conditions and pay, and to discourage staff nurses from going private.
7914	The provisions for loan losses were higher, much like other banks in Q4 as the bank prepares for borrowers potentially facing issues with paying back their loans.
7915	The public relations department at the Kuwait Municipality published the achievements of Jahra Governorate Municipality branch during July, which included citations, abandoned vehicles removal and general cleanliness.
7916	The pub sponsors a limerick contest every St. Patrick’s Day.
7917	The pub was was previously run by Kerry and Mark King before being taken over by the watering hole's new bosses James and Kieran.
7918	The purpose of the challenge was to fundraise for Macmillan Cancer Support and the Royal Navy and Royal Marines Charity.
7919	The quarterback play didn’t help San Francisco in the slightest.
7920	The question for those who want to go electric is whether they can access the low-cost debt financing or other means to cover the higher upfront costs of the newest, all-electric models, rather than choosing the cheaper, dirtier options.
7921	The question, “how much do armed security guards make” is becoming a hot topic for people looking to build a career in the industry.
7922	The question is what the population will do in response to this."
7923	The Raiders are 31st in first-half point differential (-37).
7924	The Raiders followed up the fumble recovery with a touchdown to take a 28-0 lead.
7925	The Rangers medical and training staff worked on Zibanejad.
7926	Therapists also face significant institutional (and sometimes ) pressure to affirm a patient’s “gender identity.”
7927	The rapper has denied linking up with 's ex-girlfriend, whose real name is Rachel Wattley, after they were pictured at the same venue.
7928	The rapper'sswag gave an extra edge to the show.
7929	The rapper was initially hit with ten different charges and she ultimately pleaded guilty to two misdemeanours.
7930	The rare Klimovich-Woo combo!
7931	The raw materials are reborn as low-carbon plastic cutlery and takeout containers used in chain restaurants, plastic bags at post offices and souvenirs sold at one of Japan’s largest international airports.
7932	The Rays are now 18-3 on the season, the best record in Major League Baseball.
7933	The Razer Nommo V2 Pro is expensive for a system without rear speakers, but they sound as powerful as any gaming speakers on the market.
7934	The reaction from utilities has been mixed.
7935	“The real debate should be about why society is so intent on over-sexualizing our young children,” Ms. Reynolds added.
7936	The reality star told at the time, “David treats me like a queen and tells me I’m beautiful every day.
7937	The real point with Builth is that there is such a high standard in maternal and terminal sires.
7938	The Reapers are fascinating, with an all-seeing, all-destructive mindset that makes them feel truly impossible for Commander Shepard and his unlikely cast of crewmates to conquer.
7939	There are a lot more optional -- and mandatory -- moments of exploration available to plyers in the Resident Evil 4 remake.
7940	"There are a lot of romantics wanting to live in an ecclesiastical property."
7941	"There are beautiful piers in Donegal and the Spanish are parked there.
7942	“There are both flats and detached houses in varying degrees of dominance and in a variety of architectural styles, designs, and building forms in the area around the application site.
7943	There are concerns that thousands of voters could be “disenfranchised”, with accused of pricing people out.
7944	There are countless actions that we can take.
7945	There are countless books and articles on the subject.
7946	There are few comparisons to the sporty yet elegant styling and the fine English craftsmanship of a Jaguar automobile.
7947	There are fewer A-listers in the cast (it does feature a reunion of stars Jamie Dornan and Jude Hill), and the performances lean occasionally into heightened dinner theatre, with lines delivered out and towards the audience.
7948	There are little things you can do that will not break the bank.
7949	There are many fans who can relate to Edward's reactions to being called short and even have similar reactions to the powerful alchemist's various ways of getting back.
7950	There are many gorgeous, low-maintenance plants that are perfect for an office, so explore a range of foliage to find the ones you like.
7951	“There are many more measures that the Israeli government can undertake and the reality on the ground will likely present Israel with many possibilities to do so,” said the former senior official.
7952	There are many reasons why has struggled.
7953	There are nine subzones which generally do not appear on wine labels but may become increasingly important as winemakers explore different expressions of vinho verde.
7954	There are of course car races, snowboard races, marathons and more, but there’s an unusual race that happens once a year in the North Okanagan.
7955	There are, of course, other profitability metrics that we should be paying attention to.
7956	There are parks to play in and my friends all live here."
7957	There are people in politics you may not particularly like.
7958	"There are pieces of all these things, but not enough for a movie that has clearly spent hundreds upon hundreds of millions of dollars to make it to the big screen on this particular release date.
7959	There are several effects that we can point to.
7960	There are several underlying secular themes supported by the increasing use of nuclear solutions in our global security clean energy and nuclear medicine end markets.
7961	There are six exterior colors available: Supersonic Red, Wind Chill Pearl, Midnight Black, Cutting Edge, Guardian Gray, and Reservoir Blue, and two interior colors, Gradient Black and Light Gray.
7962	There are slides aplenty in this playground, which I thought was good, especially as they vary in size, to allow all ages to join in the fun.
7963	There are some significant gaps in affordable housing for working age households in Estes.
7964	“There are things they can put in place that will help without causing any major upset.
7965	There are three colours available, and the case has 4.4 stars from 532 reviews.
7966	There are two models available right now â€” the Long Range, with 330 miles of range, and the Performance, with 303 miles of range.
7967	There are two sides to every thing.
7968	The recall includes "Bang: Potent Brain and Body Fuel," "C4" energy drink, "Cocaine" energy supplement, "Fast Twitch" energy drink, "Ghost" energy drink and "Ryse Fuel" energy drink.
7969	The recent developments involving Yevgeny Prigozhin and the Wagner Army in Moscow have raised intriguing questions about strategic planning, military capabilities, and political motives.
7970	The receptionist says it’s fine.
7971	The recognition of Begum Khaleda Zia’s contributions can also bring positive attention to Bangladesh, highlighting its democratic progress and fostering international support for its democratic aspirations.
7972	The Record previously revealed how SNP ministers and Cosla, which represents local authorities, were considering increasing annual charges on properties in band E or higher, on a sliding scale rising from 7.5 per cent to 22.5 per cent.
7973	The records also show that the F.B.I. dispatched undercover agents and informants to attend Mr. Rosebraugh’s speaking engagements around the country.
7974	The recycling facility rejects contaminated cardboard more than other materials.
7975	The Red Devils extended their winning run to six games with a 3-0 victory against relegation-battlers Bournemouth on Tuesday night.
7976	There doesn’t seem to be any issues around other dogs so far, but assessment will continue.
7977	The reduction is mainly due to HighPeak's operating expenses increasing noticeably.
7978	Therefore, he was on duty as he was collecting intelligence for the Indian Army by attending conspiracy meetings held before the 2008 blast, the lawyer said.
7979	Therefore, it is also important for us to be able to clean and promote this structure again.
7980	“Therefore, many recipients had little or no monetary incentive to work.
7981	Therefore, 's faithfulness to its source material, stellar performances, and strong visuals allow it to break the curse of disappointing anime live actions for Netflix.
7982	Therefore, the bar to exit, as far as valuations are concerned, should be deservedly high.
7983	Therefore, there’s a certain thrill we enjoy when we feel like we “beat the system” by enjoying something out of its time/season.
7984	Therefore, we have relatively enhanced security situation in the zone and Enugu State.”
7985	The refreshers are simply premium American vodka, sparkling water and their craft-made kombucha, a 4.5% ABV in the 12-ounce can.
7986	The region is wildly popular with outdoor enthusiasts thanks to its breathtaking mountains, flowing rivers and picturesque lochs.
7987	The region’s population was growing fast, and people were fed up.
7988	There has also been a decline in operator assaults, more specifically.
7989	There have been all sorts of international factors.
7990	There have been multiple times when lorries and buses get stuck at this proposed entrance site.
7991	There, his uncanny lethality made him a vital asset to Viggo Tarasov's group, and vicious actions, such as his killing three men with a pencil, earned him the nickname "the Baba Yaga."
7992	“There is almost no life left in Bakhmut,” Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of the devastation in the bloody, months-long battle in eastern Ukraine.
7993	"There is a lot of hard work which goes into what I do but I love it and enjoy standing on the markets."
7994	There is a lot of lore in that doesn't get quite as much of a spotlight, but is nonetheless well developed.
7995	'There is a lot to love about this product.
7996	There is also the tail-end of a disastrous Tory rule in Westminster which has made the UK a laughing stock in the rest of and across the Atlantic following the madness of Brexit.
7997	There is a mountain of detail still to clear.
7998	“There is a need to change the way of thinking and move toward an integral disarmament, since no peace is possible where instruments of death are proliferating,” he told the ambassadors.
7999	There is an overhead tank, which is filled with water pump from borewell and water is supplied to houses through pipelines.
8000	“There is a plan, which is supposed to be the blueprint of how the day should operate, but things are changing daily, which is causing massive headaches.”
8001	There is a strong impression that the United States has decided to minimize its presence and influence in the Middle East, leaving the area to Iran and its proxies.
8002	There is a very gross misunderstanding of this subject to begin with, so why not ask many uncomfortable questions?
8003	There is certainly an opportunity here, though, for any player in Denver.
8004	There is -- like I said, one is the backlog reason.
8005	There is little standing around or making chit-chat.
8006	There is never any fail-safe way to predict this in advance.
8007	There is no application for a restraining order or compensation.'
8008	There is no doubt Ross will reflect.
8009	There is no possible excuse for him to support Jim Jordan for Speaker.
8010	There is no rule in the European Football League that prohibits a player from pulling an opponent’s hair to make a tackle — but, just like the NFL, face-mask pulling and horse-collar tackles are not allowed in the Euros.
8011	There is no substitute for expertise.
8012	There is still a debate about the best way to put out an EV fire.
8013	There is turnover in the restaurant industry and the group isn’t a stranger to it, but the chefs with Catch come to recognize the potential for growth without having to travel far.
8014	The rejection of U.N. peacekeepers in Mali will likely result in an increased reliance on Wagner troops.
8015	The relationship between Labour and the Greens hasn’t always been easy.
8016	“There’ll be so much to keep the whole family entertained all day!”
8017	The remaining 57:40 saw them score just twice.
8018	The remaining DLC racers in have already become a frequent topic of discussion among many fans, and it's hard not to see the potential.
8019	The removal of petrol subsidy by President Bola Tinubu has not helped matters.
8020	The rep continued in the statement: “Ever-evolving, changing as partners and individuals, they have decided this is what’s best while they both focus on themselves and careers.
8021	The report also detailed Santos’ lack of cooperation with its investigation and said he “evaded” straightforward requests for information.
8022	The report claims the Argentine is willing to offer Mendy plus cash for Onana.
8023	The report Friday that China engaged in election interference in 2021 as well as 2019 is disturbing.
8024	The report identified more than 13 428 companies that would supply components to Tesla.
8025	The reporting person said that the other hiker may have broken their tibia roughly a mile up the local trail.
8026	The report profiled Kailani Taylor-Cribb who, in the normal course of schooling would be a senior, preparing for graduation in a few months.
8027	The report said that Dell’s share and shipment performance may see pressure in 2023.
8028	The report said: “We found that there was no effective audit of staff’s registration with professional bodies and, as a result, a member of staff was working with children whilst not appropriately registered.
8029	There's a large band in between we call the neutral zone and most of the time the ratio lies in this zone.
8030	There’s also a new History mode for Snowflake, which enables easy tracking of data changes.
8031	There’s also the problem of the sightings: the Patanela was easily identifiable with its brilliant yellow hull, and it was spotted several times up and down the coast of Australia and even in the waters off of Thailand and Southeast Asia.
8032	There’s an early shot of Hütz swaggering onstage with the band — a mélange of violinists, drummers and guitarists — and baptizing the audience with his beer.
8033	Theres an occasional father-and-son glitch, differences of opinion, but theyre usually sorted out with a touch of good humour.
8034	There’s another great feature from 2015, if you’re looking for more legit interviews!
8035	There’s a plaque in the lobby, commemorating Elvis’ lone concert in Maine.
8036	There’s a small cut around the right eyebrow of Mendonca.
8037	There’s a small cut under the left eye of Alencar, might just be discoloration but it’s visible damage.
8038	There's a terrace on the side, looking out over the Thames, that the public can go to for afternoon tea.
8039	There’s been talk of the Dingles going to war with Mack so we’ve taken a look at what could happen next.
8040	There's certainly some unique headwinds we're facing this year.
8041	“There’s definitely nerves, there’s definitely things that they have to iron out, but we’re hoping we’ve trained them enough, and we’ve prepped them enough,” she said.
8042	The researchers found a clear association between cumulative dose and risk of all haematological malignancies, with an excess relative risk of 1.96 per 100 mGy.
8043	The researchers have initiated a large-scale human trial aimed at studying the health effects of milk-added coffee.
8044	The researchers said the volume of toxic material surged in late November with the release of a film that included baseless claims that Covid vaccines set off “the greatest orchestrated die-off in the history of the world.”
8045	There's going to be a lot more of this lithium.
8046	There’s going to be lots of people who have specific objections to these projects.
8047	“There’s history in this city.
8048	There’s no denying that this gourmet slow cooker comes with a lofty price tag, but if you’ve ever used a Wolf Gourmet appliance, you already know the advanced engineering is worth every penny.
8049	There's no end to the possibilities for other spinoffs in the future, especially since the series has had so many memorable supporting characters.
8050	There’s no reason at this stage to suggest that XBB.1.5 will make any difference in that regard.
8051	There’s nothing better than relaxing in Munich’s English Garden; the city’s green lung that’s even bigger than New York’s Central Park.
8052	There’s nothing like being the last of your cohort to make you feel you’ve stayed too long at the fair.
8053	There’s nothing more humbling than that.
8054	There's nothing quite like the classics.
8055	"There's obviously been some chitter-chatter and opinions, that have been rather interesting at times," the batsman said.
8056	There's past, present and future, but there's something that never arrives for any of us.
8057	The response, he said, needs to from within.
8058	There's some good news and bad.
8059	The restaurant cooperated with the investigation and disposed of all produce, the agency said.
8060	There’s this hope among participants that the recession will be mild or short, which makes a deep recession an out of consensus call and something that is not priced in. That’s where we are going in my opinion.
8061	The rest is standing room only.
8062	"The rest of that weekend was torture.
8063	The rest of the Alpha Academy is here too.
8064	The results exceeded our expectations.
8065	The result was a drop in stock values.
8066	There they found a stash of flualprazolam tablets, a stronger version of diazepam with a potential street value of up to £700.
8067	The retirement age is a hot topic in France.
8068	The returns should tend to be proportional to the betas, if daily returns are random.
8069	The reunion show is scheduled for February 28th.
8070	The revelations challenge us to confront the complexities of human nature and reassess our perceptions of historical figures.
8071	There was a lot of violence on Friday night.
8072	There was also no external branding, in an effort to prevent protests from breaking out.
8073	There was an immediate buzz when walking inside the restaurant which was full to brim with customers, especially noticeable for a Wednesday lunchtime.
8074	“There was an inherent thing of me being so rejectable that this person who loved me very deeply for six years, it suddenly occurred to him, how awful I was or something.
8075	There was a smell of liquor coming from her breath, she was unsteady on her feet and her eyes were glazed.
8076	There was fairness.
8077	There was no DNA and no blood found on his car and the tyres did not match the tyre print found on the back of Mr Mears's shirt, Bidner's barrister Mark Hobart, SC, told the jury during his opening address.
8078	There was no immediate comment from Ukraine, but Anatoliy Kurtev, Zaporizhzhia city council's secretary in Ukraine, said that work was ongoing since early Monday to restore power to the city.
8079	There wasn’t one part of the Courier editorial operation that the hard-working Carter didn’t touch.
8080	"There was one flight coming from Baltimore, so I hopped on a Greyhound bus down to Baltimore from Newark."
8081	There was Ricoh’s GR series, Fujifilm’s X100 series (very much inspired by the early Leica rangefinders), and now the Leica Q series.
8082	“There was some fatigue, I hit a wall around (mile) 11 and 12, but there were no issues with my leg, which was the big thing,” Shea said.
8083	There was then a flurry of chances for Stonehouse as they looked to grow into the game.
8084	There was to be no final twist to the plot, however, and both sets of players looked spent at the final whistle, collapsing to the turf after a draw that did little to help either side in their very different objectives.
8085	There were 17 deaths from 2000 to 2012, with 10 of those deaths just in 2011, when Texas experienced a record heat wave, according to TDCJ.
8086	There were also 352 hospitalizations, 22 ICU admissions and 55 deaths reported in the same time period.
8087	There were also fears that ChatGPT and other similar tools would eliminate enormous swaths of the job market by automating many tasks.
8088	'There were easier moments to join Liverpool,' said Klopp.
8089	There were no reported injuries from the incident on Thursday.
8090	There were some objectionable comments too.
8091	There will also be cultivation of tea gardens.
8092	“There will also be lucky door prizes and a raffle and Rotary will be providing a sausage sizzle, which is just so good of them,” said Mrs Finlay.
8093	“There will be activities planned by the Historical Society, but we are still in the discussion stage.”
8094	There will be a minimum of three full-time employees working every weekday, one of which will be dedicated to cleaning and straightening up.
8095	There will be a range of community groups, voluntary sector, and faith groups as well as the council to offer advice.
8096	There will be two solar eclipses and two lunar eclipses in 2023.
8097	The right-hander's on-and-off Test career changed for the better when he was promoted by the management to the top of the order in 2019.
8098	The rise of remote work has damaged urban downtown shopping areas, which were designed to cater to office workers commuting back and forth daily.
8099	The rising ocean temperatures coupled with El Niño threaten to kill aquatic life and diminish fisheries, depleting food supplies, said Michael Sparrow, head of the climate research division at the WMO.
8100	The risk of a recession coupled with growing advancements in Artificial Intelligence has some career and business experts sounding the alarm that recession-proofing your career may be more important now than ever.
8101	The Rivers governor, a member of the PDP, had refused to support Atiku’s campaign, saying the party’s constitution was against one region of the country producing both the presidential candidate and the national chairman.
8102	The Rocket Man is the world’s favourite celebration to a musical icon, playing to audiences all around the world.
8103	The role required an extensive amount of prosthetic effects, but Carrey deserves credit for still bringing out his personality beneath the layers of makeup and performing levels of impressive physical comedy.
8104	The rookies are wanting to play and study alongside Donald, the thirteenth general choose within the 2014 draft.
8105	"The rooms have been newly refurbished and updated.
8106	The room turned a dark red as the flames began rapidly climbing up the walls and a woman can be heard screaming in terror as burning material collapsed onto the white table tops below.
8107	The RSPCA's Dr Mark Kennedy speaks to Sky News following the deaths of three horses at this year's Grand National meeting.
8108	“The rule of law is undermined if the UK Government takes the view that laws – international or domestic – can be broken.
8109	The Ruptured Crystal Tear is essentially a one-time explosion centered on the player that deals a ridiculous amount of damage to the user and surrounding NPCs in a small area.
8110	The safe and sure bet is to not let these people do anything on your property, ever, or you'll be bound to get farked just like this.
8111	“The said TI&E, organized by the regiment’s Office of the Regiment Sergeant Major, aims to look after the mental health and physical well-being of the troops,” Trinidad said.
8112	The Sakura is a rare success story for Japan's EV industry, which lags behind the rest of the world.
8113	The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through Amie Thuener O’toole sold 420 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, October 2nd.
8114	The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through Amie Thuener O’toole sold 637 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, February 1st.
8115	The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through sold 1,700 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Wednesday, January 11th.
8116	The Salt Spring Film Festival take place from March 3 to 5 at Gulf Islands Secondary School, featuring local and visiting filmmakers and film guests.
8117	“The Salvation Army are here for you.
8118	The same goes for gambling,the fact some of them happen to play professional sports shouldn’t really be that big of a shock.
8119	• The Samsonite Corp. sold its toy product line that had been made in Loveland to Gabriel Industries of New York, but the Loveland plant and its equipment were not included in the sale.
8120	The SAMSUNG 55-Inch Class QLED 4K The Frame LS03B Series is a versatile QLED 4K TV.
8121	The San Luis Obispo City Council voted in April to suspend its natural gas ban for new construction after three federal appellate court judges ruled an identical ban in Berkeley was not legal.
8122	The Scarlet Knights still haven’t scored a touchdown at Beaver Stadium since joining the Big Ten in 2014.
8123	The scenario is reminiscent of the 2022 harvest when the Mississippi River dropped to record lows, bringing barge traffic to a halt.
8124	“The schools need this,” Houchins said.
8125	The scientist showed me round his lab, including a mini version of the huge fractional distillation columns that tower over oil refineries.
8126	THE Scottish Government is to face a challenge to stop motorists being fined for entering Scotland's major centres through Low Emission Zones following concerns the penalties unfair.
8127	The Scottish Government says it will take a “progressive approach” to industrial relations, ahead of a Holyrood debate on the UK Government’s law on strikes.
8128	The script could be dire and the direction poor, but an appearance from Stanton and/or Walsh was/is – we lost Stanton in 2017, but Walsh is still going strong at 88 years old — only ever a joyous occasion.
8129	The Search for Spock was a cynical movie.
8130	These are factors such as the licensing and regulation of the casino, player testimonials and the use of encryption technology to protect player information.
8131	These are locations where you frequently visit and don't want to receive notifications if you leave your device behind there.
8132	These are the games in which you think you should be getting three points.
8133	These are the small costs that add up.
8134	These are the ways to build trust back up, to give your words meaning, and to sometimes find out where you need to do some personal improvement.
8135	These are things that are pretty much under our control.
8136	The season one finale introduced Paul Wesley in the role of James T. Kirk and he's back in the new season.
8137	“These books increase teens’ feelings of belonging and self-worth,” Windham High School student Emma Morrison said.
8138	The second late night event is Top 8 Culture Night, which will see Limerick based DJ CC, World Scratching Champion DJ Flip, and Saxophonist TK SAX blast out the tunes in Dance Limerick.
8139	The second method, known as high pressure high temperature method (HPHT), does not require a pre-existing diamond slice.
8140	THE second race in the Holiday Points Series at Royal Gourock Yacht Club took place on Tuesday evening.
8141	“The secret is don’t ask a celebrity on how to stay married.”
8142	The secret to achieving glowing skin can be as easy as following a simple recipe.
8143	“The security agencies are making successes and breakthroughs on regular basis despite all the constraints.
8144	The security alert was declared a hoax on Saturday.
8145	The security guard remains in Gold Coast University Hospital in a serious but stable condition.
8146	The security operative and the other victim were rushed to an undisclosed hospital for medical attention.
8147	The SEC West will probably be decided by whoever wins between Alabama and LSU, while the East will almost certainly come down to the late-season affair in Knoxville between Georgia and Tennessee.
8148	These days, you can ask anyone if they regret it or not.
8149	These include designing chatbots that align with your brand and target audience and integrating them seamlessly into your website and social media platforms.
8150	The Selous Game Reserve and the Ruaha National Park offer incredible safari experiences off the beaten path.
8151	These many options will generally allow heroic players to befriend or romance Astarion.
8152	These meatballs are so delightful on their own that I’ve served them to my kids with simple noodles, parmesan cheese, and a side of sliced veggies for a delicious, speedy pre-date night meal.
8153	“These medicines should only be prescribed for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, in order to protect supply for diabetes patients and should not be routinely prescribed for weight loss,” the spokesperson said by email.
8154	These meetings underscore Mauritania’s status as the sole bastion of relative political stability in the Sahel region, which consists of junta-led regimes in Mali, Burkina Faso, Chad, and Niger.
8155	The Senate has not held a hearing on President Joe Biden's pick to head the agency, Denver International Airport Chief Executive Phil Washington.
8156	The Senate President told his guests that the National Assembly had worked very hard to provide necessary support to the electoral agency and enacted the needed legislation to guide the electoral environment for the polls.
8157	The senators-elect on their part appreciated the disposition of the President-elect, Bola Tinubu, in ensuring that fairness and equity take place in the distribution of leadership positions to all the geopolitical zones.
8158	The Senior Special Assistant to Governor Aminu Masari on Christian Affairs, Ishaya Jurau also confirmed the attack to Channels Television.
8159	‘These past couple of years, she’s taught me so much about transforming and developing the benefits of therapy and being really conscious and intentional about self-care and boundaries,’ the actor told the publication of her daughter’s guidance.
8160	These paths filled with sediment and became harder than the surrounding rock, allowing them to withstand the years of erosion.
8161	These penalties are separate from the 100% Shield Nullification that the Basic, Advanced, and Elite Field Generators impose when active.
8162	These pictures are bound to provide a pang of nostalgia among those who frequented the popular club.
8163	The sequel to Star Wars Fallen Order, Jedi Survivor sees Cal Kestis continue to battle the forces of darkness, as the Galactic Empire grows ever stronger.
8164	These red flag law provisions also allow a chief firearms officer to revoke someone’s firearm licence if there are reasonable grounds to suspect they may have engaged in domestic violence or stalking.
8165	These remains are all we have left; they are a finite resource.
8166	The series allows the incredible twists of the graphic novels to get adapted in all their gory beauty, with the familial conflicts at the heart of the piece getting the main focus.
8167	The series features a cast of characters from London to Seattle, Nigeria to Eastern Europe, as ‘the Power evolves from a tingle in teenagers’ collarbones to a complete reversal of the power balance of the world’.
8168	The series premieres on December 14 on Netflix.
8169	The series was nominated for several awards, including the Primetime Emmys.
8170	The services should have between London and Preston, Wolverhampton, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Blackpool, Birmingham, Manchester and Liverpool.
8171	“These strikes could be called off tomorrow if Rishi Sunak and Jeremy Hunt put some money on the table.”
8172	These symptoms include fevers, headaches, vomiting, weakness, confusion, seizures, memory loss, and some people may experience serious neurologic complications, such as inflammation of the brain or spinal cord.
8173	"These synthetic drugs are stronger and are often mixed with other substances by dealers, resulting in an increased risk of overdose and death.
8174	These two katakana can also be used as radicals, which can be put together with each other to form kanji.
8175	The several hundred soldiers will assist the U.S. Army in Djibouti, a small country on the continent’s northeast coast opposite Yemen.
8176	These women tend to speed at 80 to 90 mph in the passing lane of our interstate highways.
8177	The share of single-family housing starts dropped to 61.5% of total housing starts over the past 12 months through May, the lowest share since 1986.
8178	The shares were acquired at an average cost of $49.95 per share, with a total value of $149,850.00.
8179	The shares were sold at an average price of $13.11, for a total value of $1,931,312.76.
8180	The shares were sold at an average price of $15.27, for a total value of $248,198.58.
8181	The shares were sold at an average price of $15.36, for a total transaction of $116,674.56.
8182	The shares were sold at an average price of $72.77, for a total transaction of $363,850.00.
8183	The sheer pilgrimage of the wrestling faithful to SoFi itself was almost as much of a spectacle as the wrestling action.
8184	The shooter isn’t good at sinking threes and making everybody really feel good.
8185	The shoreline cleanup in Hawkesbury is being held in collaboration with the regions of the Pacte d’Amitié.
8186	The shortlist of 15 films to vie for a Best International Feature Film Oscar nomination is set to be announced on December 21. In all, movies from 88 countries are this year, and as we regularly see, they offer up a rich treasure trove.
8187	The show has remained on Hulu ever since, yet Moore claimed she’s only received “very, very tiny checks, like 81-cent checks” in streaming residuals.
8188	The show’s co-host, Vanessa Lachey, felt that Paul should have voiced his feelings to Micah earlier in their engagement.
8189	The show was pitched to buyers today along with the likes of at an event held at BAFTA near Piccadilly Square.
8190	The sides can’t negotiate in-season under franchise tag rules.
8191	The signs can be found on the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission website and printed out.
8192	The silver balloons were in line with this year’s Met Gala theme – “Karl Lagerfeld: A Line of Beauty” – which pays tribute to the legendary German designer.
8193	The singer eventually decided the right time to release the album.
8194	The site is currently occupied by a bungalow which would be demolished if the plans are allowed to go ahead.
8195	The site is located across Highway 82 from Blue Lake subdivision.
8196	The situation improved in 2017 as inflation only rose in July.
8197	The skipper has just completed his tenth season as a Terrier and fans will be keen to pay tribute to the long-serving midfielder.
8198	The skyscrapers that looked so imposing and breathtaking yesterday now look like they barely extend over the city-line.
8199	The slaw, in particular, is incredibly moreish: the bitter radicchio is well balanced with a sweet bush tomato balsamic glaze, and the toasted almonds add a nice crunch.
8200	The SlimFit cam will let users attend video calls or web conferences on the TV screen.
8201	The slums are the most dangerous neighborhoods on the Cerro Blanco.
8202	The small Caesium-137 capsule was reported missing more than two weeks after being transported from the mining site.
8203	The small percentage of displaced fossil fuel heat indicates heat pumps would not be effective CO2 reducers in the cold climate of Vermont, if used in average Vermont houses.
8204	The small, simple environments you must defend against monsters donâ€™t look like much at first glance, but Subset Games soon reveals the title to be a tense back-and-forth between aggressive enemies and your own mech fighters.
8205	The sneak peek successfully builds up the anticipation of this Sony-PlayStation partnership, featuring the film's lead actors in racing attire and explaining the movie in their own words.
8206	The sod-turning and unveiling ceremony for the construction of an agro-processing, training & product development facility for women was held on Tuesday, August 8, 2023, at Union Terrace.
8207	The software company slipped in volatile trading, despite reporting strong first-quarter financial results.
8208	The soldiers of the all-Black unit had not yet been fully indoctrinated in the southern ways of racial interactions.
8209	The solicitation and offer to buy Decibel stock will only be made pursuant to an Offer to Purchase and related tender offer materials that Regeneron intends to file with the SEC.
8210	The song also earned Rimes a Grammy for Best Female Country Vocal Performance and Mack, who died in 2020, a Grammy Award for Best Country Song, along with an Academy of Country Music Award for Song of the Year.
8211	The songstress dated the Radio 1 DJ for 18 months until they split in January 2012 reportedly due to their busy schedules.
8212	The Sooners QB found the end zone again with his legs, rushing on a keeper as he patiently followed his blockers for a 6-yard score.
8213	The sophomore excelled both from the wildcat formation on direct snaps and when taking handoffs from Barnes.
8214	The sound of the wind brought the melody of the flag song to him.
8215	The source added that RSVP applied for the censor certificate in December 2022, and it was sent ahead to the review committee.
8216	The South African Reserve Bank has hiked the repo rate by a less-than-forecast 25 basis points.
8217	The South African veteran tops the batting chart with 405 runs in seven matches, including five half-centuries, and has gelled with fellow opener Virat Kohli with two century stands.
8218	The southwestern border has also struggled to cope and naturally affected Houston, America's most racially-diverse city.
8219	The Sox invested $15 million over two seasons believing it will.
8220	The S&P 500 rose 2.3% to 3,895.08, marking its first winning week in the last five.
8221	The spacecraft is now making a 4.1 billion-mile journey which will take more than eight years.
8222	The space was painstakingly renovated to retain as many historical details as possible, such as the original pillars, with touches of contemporary art and mid-century modern furnishings.
8223	The Speaker earlier turned down a request from the Minority caucus for more time to peruse the report.
8224	The special thing about the Survivor Series matches was getting to see the interesting teams, the odd match ups, the debuts, and the surprising performances.
8225	The species is widely held as sacred among Noongar peoples.
8226	The spokesman of the Israeli military claimed that the two Palestinians started firing at the military checkpoint "Aounn Morieh" while they were sitting in a car, and they were shot by the 636 battalions of the regime's army.
8227	The spokesperson said: "There are three options to supportsafer crossings on St Leonard's Road two options for cyclists and pedestrians at the roundabout and proposals for two junctions on the Grantown Road.
8228	The Springboks have to be on the money from the word go as they will begin their Rugby World Cup on Sunday 10 September against Scotland.
8229	The squadron comprises Mart and two other crew members.
8230	The stadium was part of the original multi-country plans to host Euro 2020 but could not ultimately provide UEFA with the necessary assurances over minimum spectator levels amid the Covid-19 pandemic.
8231	The staff helped doll up the residents so they would feel ready for a fun night with a “Fly Me to the Moon” theme.
8232	The Standard Media Index data recently confirmed what most know.
8233	The star abused drugs so badly that her septum - the cartilage that separates the two nostrils - fell out.
8234	The star has sold 100 million records, but was once terrified she wouldn’t be able to sing again.
8235	The star made sure to fuel up with a Starbucks drink before wrapping up the day in Beverly Hills.
8236	"The stated reason for that decision was 'to uphold local democracy' and it will be my submission that the stated reason betrays an unlawful approach - a misunderstanding of the legislative scheme."
8237	The state government also agrees with these sentiments and the government has taken serious note of this matter.”
8238	The state government wanted to convene the session on a short notice but the governor turned down the cabinet proposal thrice saying a 21-day notice is required for calling the session.
8239	The state has fared worse in maternal mortality, the rate of women who die while pregnant or within six weeks of giving birth.
8240	The statement gave the names of the suspects as Risku Babangida, 25, Ila Suleiman, 40, Abubakar Yusuf, 20, Buba Adamu, 36, and Abubakar Mohammed, 36.
8241	The Statesman’s formal request for records from the school district about Kohberger’s prior employment also was partially denied.
8242	The state’s southern district attorney calls methemphatmine a “nasty drug” that often leads to violence.
8243	The station chiefs like the city’s lively atmosphere, the arts scene, the fine dining.
8244	The stock can also be compared to its most direct competitors, but since it is a gold explorer and not a gold supplier, its sales are meaningless and the company generates no profit, so metrics like EV/EBITDA or EV/Sales cannot be used.
8245	The stock had previously closed at €6.74 ($7.
8246	The stock has a 50 day moving average of $60.43 and a two-hundred day moving average of $56.73.
8247	The stock has a market capitalization of $2.16 trillion, a PE ratio of 32.20, a price-to-earnings-growth ratio of 2.56 and a beta of 0.93.
8248	The stock has a market capitalization of $6.52 billion, a PE ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.99.
8249	The stock has a market cap of $4.22 billion, a PE ratio of 20.83 and a beta of 1.38.
8250	The stock looked fundamentally undervalued to the point where I could not rate the business anything worse than a ‘buy’ even in spite of the jaundiced view that the investment community took on it.
8251	The stock’s 50 day moving average is $157.44 and its two-hundred day moving average is $167.03.
8252	The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $24.02 and its 200 day moving average price is $26.65.
8253	The stock’s fifty day moving average is $17.95 and its 200-day moving average is $16.78.
8254	The stock was acquired at an average price of $34.37 per share, for a total transaction of $1,615,390.00.
8255	The stock was sold at an average price of $125.65, for a total value of $188,475.00.
8256	The stock was sold at an average price of $215.19, for a total value of $1,291,140.00.
8257	The stock was sold at an average price of $50.00, for a total value of $100,000.00.
8258	“The stone slabs on the floor were just laid on bare earth.
8259	The store itself has been there almost four decades, and she turned 60 the day we visited the beloved hole in the wall.
8260	The story has the nightmare quality of history repeating itself.
8261	“The story of this week has been U.S. economic exceptionalism continues, particularly in contrast with the euro zone and the UK,” City Index strategist Fiona Cincotta said.
8262	The story was given fresh legs a few years later when physicist and businessman Paul Bennewitz claimed to have intercepted electronic signals from deep below Dulce.
8263	The strategy was announced in March.
8264	The streamer has shared new information surrounding the release of "City On Fire," an eight-part Apple Original crime drama inspired by the 2015 novel of the same name by author Garth Risk Hallberg.
8265	The strongest typhoon to hit the Philippines this year left at least six people dead, authorities said Monday, after heavy rain and fierce winds battered the country's most populous island.
8266	The structure is located in a coastal area that was once home to an ancient settlement.
8267	The student must maintain a grade point average of at least 2.5 during the semester following the granting of the scholarship.
8268	The students provided a tour of the new digs Tuesday and they didn’t skimp on making sure it’s efficient.
8269	The studies can be found in three papers in the journal Physical Review D (
8270	The studio’s greatest strength is its energetic fight choreography.
8271	The study allowed for a unique understanding of youth discussion– related to mental health and seeking help– on an anonymous social platform.
8272	The study found that on average, the people from the first ARIC group were more likely to be older and female, and had more risk factors for memory loss.
8273	The study has created excitement within the scientific community given that dendrochronology — the method of dating tree rings to when they were formed — is less accurate when it comes to older trees as many have a rotten core.
8274	The study shows that one-third of executives track metrics like work hours and email communication, which only 15% of employees perceive as helpful in improving productivity.
8275	The Stuyvesant seal embossed on a city diploma signifies that the student has earned extra credits in advanced courses in computers, science, math, world language – and has passed a swimming test or class.
8276	The subject seems like a stretch (accidental pun) for Judith Testa, but the book jacket explained that she grew up in NYC and had “a life-long love of baseball.”
8277	The subreddit itself is now of what it once was.
8278	The substantial rear garden has been maintained and features a well-manicured lawn, a considerable patio area, and a storage shed.
8279	THE sudden death of a man at a hotel in Slough has prompted an investigation by Thames Valley Police.
8280	The suffering of our people in Gaza has gone on for far too long while the occupying state’s immoral and illegal blockade and international paralysis has seen the situation deteriorate to levels hitherto seen before’.
8281	The summit casts a spotlight on the lucrative business prospects in the realm of cinema.
8282	The summit will be held until March 10.
8283	The Suncream spray has been very popular on social media.
8284	The sun is forecast to shine all weekend with highs in the mid 80s and lows in the mid 70s.
8285	The Suns have become the Western Conference favorites following the KD trade, moving from +1800 to +500.
8286	The Supreme Court collegium on Wednesday recommended the elevation of Orissa High Court judge Justice Jaswant Singh as the Chief Justice of the Tripura High Court.
8287	The Supreme Court rightfully sent the matter back to the states.
8288	The surge in recorded malnutrition rates could also be attributed to IRC’s scaling up of screening services, with recorded increase still proportionately higher than the increase in screening.
8289	The surrounding area can be quite dangerous due to steep drops, so it is advised to avoid getting too close as a safety precaution.
8290	The survey also identified a desire for more community midwifery with 94% calling for more access to this and 94% also calling for midwife-led maternity units of which there are just two in Ireland.
8291	The suspect fled and was arrested at the SEPTA Somerset Station.
8292	The suspect, Kalinowski, was seen on CCTV footage damaging the window at around 6.59am.
8293	The suspension of the PHF was announced on the final day in office of Pakistan's outgoing Prime Minister Shahbaz Sharif.
8294	The Swiss political system is characterised by a very high level of citizen participation.
8295	The sword-wielding hero spends much of his time hacking and slashing his way through creatures and ghouls, traversing fun locales in the process.
8296	The talks dragged well into the night on Saturday and continued Sunday with a more than four-hour meeting of the alliance’s Joint Ministerial Monitoring Committee (JMMC), which recommends but does not implement policy.
8297	The talks in Tokyo among Japanese Foreign Minister Yoko Kamikawa and Defense Minister Minoru Kihara and Britain’s Foreign Secretary James Cleverly and Defense Secretary Grant Shapps are the first since the RAA took effect in mid-October.
8298	The target decision date for the proposal is September 23.
8299	The tariff on chicken is high enough to ensure that foreign imports do not undermine the local poultry sector.
8300	The task force has produced a “protocol” for responding to suspected incidents to help determine whether medical care is required and to collect data.
8301	The taste is textured, complex and vibrant all in one.
8302	The TCA can be terminated if one party breaches the “essential elements” of the partnership, including “democracy, rule of law and human rights.”
8303	The teacher was also said to have made comments about the size of Pupil A’s breasts, how he found her sister attractive and that she was “too good for her boyfriend and needed an older man.”
8304	• The teacher who ended up coaching the Rams never had coached a basketball game.
8305	The team earlier had a closed door meeting with Buildwell Plants and Equipment Industries Ltd, contractors on the project at their construction yard in Costain.
8306	The team includes athletes such as world vice-champion fencer Maxime Pianfetti and European bronze medalist gymnast Carolann Héduit.
8307	The team is committed to developing and publishing the highest quality games in terms of both content and technology.
8308	The team is gingered; the team is positive.”
8309	The team is preparing to start rookie Sunday, McDaniel added.
8310	The team is six strokes better per round than they were a season ago.
8311	The tech-heavy Nasdaq had its worst day since February, dropping 310 points, or 2.2%.
8312	The technology "is not perfect," Chauvet said, but "it is far better than we had imagined, for what it's worth, and I think it's even very difficult for the customers to perceive that it's a machine."
8313	The teenage driver of a ute that crashed into a tree near leaving his passenger in a critical condition in hospital has been charged by police.
8314	The teen girls then claimed they climbed over a fence to get into Dowell’s car.
8315	The telly star looked oozed glamour as she styled her brunette tresses in a classic bouffant up-do and kept her makeup subtle with some simple winged eyeliner and bronzed cheeks.
8316	The tent packs away pretty easily too, although at 23kg you wouldn’t want to be carrying it around for long.
8317	The “Terror Pass” is general admission; the “Psycho Pass” gets you a T-shirt and a commemorative photo.
8318	The Tesla and (current) Twitter CEO is said to be a fan of the film and seemingly loves the idea in it of people seeing through the fakeness of the world around them and accepting a real truth.
8319	The test involves looking for tiny tissue changes in the retina — the light-sensitive area at the back of the eye which dispatches incoming images to the brain for processing.
8320	The theatre stage manager added: “I mean, there were families literally stranded at the gate there trying to book other flights.
8321	The thing is that you should pay attention that the plants you have can sustain the conditions in your apartment.
8322	The thinking was that Manoah would be best served by working with team staff at the player development complex in Dunedin, Fla., Schneider said.
8323	The third and final act occurs with the song "Dawn Chorus."
8324	The third one wrote, "Inko namaste karne ki itni adat ho gai h ki dargah pe bhi namaste hi kar rhi hai."
8325	"The three of us have decided to stick together because this isn't about any one committee assignment.
8326	The three respondents that will move forward are Atlantic Aviation (the current FBO operator at the Aspen airport), as well as Modern Aviation and Signature Flight Support.
8327	The three runs surrendered by Abbott (3-0, 1.14 ERA, 0.97 WHIP, 1.4 WAR), who was the ace on Virginia’s 2021 College World Series team, were the first three he gave up in his MLB career.
8328	The three-time Cy Young Award winner didn’t fault Francisco Álvarez but said the situation may been caused the the rookie catcher arriving late to the plate.
8329	The ticket, drawn on June 28, 2022, was purchased at a retailer in Scarborough.
8330	The Tigers simply had no answers for Creighton’s sharp-shooting guard Baylor Scheierman, who scored 21 points on 8-for-11 shooting (5-for-7 from long distance) or its 7-foot-1 center Ryan Kalkbrenner, who scored 22 points on 9-for-12 shooting.
8331	The tight pressure gradient south of these features is maintaining locally breezy easterly trade winds across the main Hawaiian Islands early this morning.
8332	The timepiece is set with a total of 474 baguette diamonds and approximately 70 rubies, reports indicate.
8333	The tool has become more competent at producing a higher standard of generative output, although it still cannot truly rival human capability.
8334	The top 3 QBs, by rating, are all in the NFC North.
8335	The top one-year fixed term cash Isa is paying 5.85 per cent interest, while the top two-year fix is paying 5.79 per cent.
8336	The top-ranking Democrat on the House Armed Services Committee blasted Sen. (R-AL) hold on military nominees.
8337	The top songs focus on what a couple has built over the years, not just the burning passion that ignited the marriage years ago.
8338	The Torrenzano Group, which helps organizations take control of how they are perceived.
8339	The total amount spent stood at a whopping US$240 billion.
8340	The tour heads next to Portugal before a two-stop Australian leg.
8341	The town is also home to a vibrant arts and cultural scene, with numerous galleries, museums, and music venues.
8342	The town is expecting to begin demolition of the current in the coming days so Hackle can begin.
8343	The town itself was named in honor of Northern Pacific Railway’s tycoon Jay Cooke.
8344	The town requests that residents do not call the town hall or Hydro Hawkesbury, so as not to disrupt efforts to manage the situation.
8345	The trade unions, which traditionally are close to Frederiksen’s Social Democrats, have launched an online petition with more than 405,000 signatures to “send a clear signal to the government: Abandon the plans to scrap Store Bededag.”
8346	The trail-blazing airport will be around for a while as it is preparing to launch non-stop Thursday and Sunday flights to Las Vegas beginning February 16th, 2023.
8347	The trailer eventually became unhooked from his pickup.
8348	The trainees will learn mountain SAR, ground SAR, urban SAR training which involves the location, extrication, and initial medical stabilisation of victims trapped in confined spaces, and water SAR.
8349	The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through sold 24,218 shares of The Liberty SiriusXM Group stock in a transaction on Wednesday, November 30th.
8350	The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through sold 22,203 shares of Alphabet stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 3rd.
8351	The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through acquired 3,141 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Friday, August 4th.
8352	The Tres Amigas are a good time, if nothing else.
8353	The trial court’s ruling favored Pryce Corporation, Inc., a domestic corporation engaged in the business of selling memorial lots and offering interment services, in its petition for declaratory relief.
8354	The trilateral partnership has the potential to emerge as an action-oriented minilateral in the broader Indo-Pacific.
8355	The TV star also admitted she feared she wouldn't be able to see her two sons, Josh and James, again.
8356	The TV star and the filmmaker ended their engagement, with a rep revealing that Courtney intended to discuss their break-up publicly.
8357	The TV star – who has Rex, four, and two-year-old twins Rafa and Cormac with Jessica Holmes – said: ‘I owe that to Jess and our boys.
8358	The Twins have been the beneficiaries of a painfully subpar and potentially historically bad AL Central incapable of making them sweat.
8359	The two Americans, who both come from California, were in Italy on holiday and tried to buy drugs from a local dealer in a Rome tourist hotspot.
8360	The two attachment types have very different fears in relationships.
8361	The two-bedroom bungalow, located in Bucharest's Tuhari district, on the northern outskirts of the city is where Tate's glamorous girlfriend Georgiana Naghel, 28, lives along with her housekeeper and two dogs, a pit bull and an Alsatian.
8362	The two camps are now awaiting the Ukraine counteroffensive, but Zelensky said recently his army needs more time before launching the assault.
8363	“The two-day forum will mainly study challenges facing Asia’s global security.
8364	The two-day international conference, exhibition and networking event aims to accelerate Hydrogen production methods, hydrogen within industrial processes, hydrogen for transport and expanding hydrogen homes.
8365	The two fawn over every dinosaur they see, eyes wide and glinting with fascination and happiness at every new creature.
8366	The two industrial properties located in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia was sold for $11.6 million.
8367	The two shootings were believed to be connected due to the proximity of the scenes and the close times of the shootings, Wright said, although a possible motive was not immediately known.
8368	The two-year US yield is bumping up against the 4.60% area.
8369	The tyrannical rule of Kansa, his death and the exploits of Lord Krishna are enacted in 14 main places in Mathura and Gopapura.
8370	The UAW industrial action was flagged by policymakers as a new source of uncertainty surrounding the economic outlook.
8371	The UK and US have “always pushed the boundaries of what two countries can achieve together”, according to No 10 Downing Street.
8372	The UK capital is hardly famed for its array of river monsters but a user shared a snap of what some social media users say, could be just that.
8373	"The UK must make sure that our legacy oil and gas industry doesn't slow the pace of change here and hold us back."
8374	The uncle of a 6-year-old boy found dead in Kobe instructed other family members to prepare the suitcase used to discard the boy’s body, investigators said Monday, citing the boy’s grandmother.
8375	The U.N. cookbook opted to include some meat recipes, like a South African beef dish called bobotie that could counter childhood malnutrition.
8376	… The under is 6-0 in the last six Browns games.
8377	The unemployment rate is 3.5%, nearly the lowest in five decades.
8378	The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights said on Wednesday war crimes had been committed by both Israel and Hamas in the conflict that erupted just over a month ago.
8379	The United States and Saudi Arabia called on warring sides in Sudan to extend a cease-fire which is due to expire on May 29.
8380	The United States is committed to our defence,” Häkkänen told reporters.
8381	The United States, key allies and Arab nations engaged in high-level diplomacy in hopes of avoiding another US veto of a new UN resolution on desperately needed aid ahead of a long-delayed vote now scheduled for Thursday morning.
8382	The United States recognizes that there is no alternative to dealing with Xi Jinping’s China.
8383	The U.N. report from June said 91% of prisoners "described torture and ill-treatment."
8384	The U.N.'s refugee agency had slightly different figures, listing a total of 9,157 arrivals in Greece in 2021 - 4,331 by sea and 4,826 by land.
8385	The upcoming feature will be executive produced by Ferrell and Elbaum for Gloria Sanchez.
8386	The upcoming season should be a much more revealing test.
8387	The update is going to task players with engaging in a variety of JDM-themed racing, with the rewards tailored accordingly.
8388	The updates are free for millions of vehicles that are missing a key anti-theft device.
8389	The US Coast Guard offered its “deepest condolences” to the families after the tail cone of the vessel was found around 1,600ft from the bow of the Titanic wreck.
8390	The US envoy to Haiti citing that “inhumane” policy.
8391	The use of Corning Gorilla Glass Victus 2 ensures these phones withstand the adversities of daily life.
8392	The use of different locations like Miami and London for two of the spinoffs indicates the stories told in these new shows will be far-removed from what's happening in itself.
8393	The U.S. Federal Reserve’s rate hold last week, in which it projected three cuts in 2024, helped add to that momentum, she said.
8394	The USG held its weekly meeting on Wednesday, Nov. 1 and discussed the results from the commuter lounge survey, construction updates, among other things.
8395	The U.S. has yet to present evidence that TikTok threatens its national security and was using the excuse of data security to abuse its power to suppress foreign companies, Foreign Ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin told reporters at a daily briefing.
8396	The U.S. House of Representatives subsequently passed a bipartisan resolution calling on the Biden administration to demand Rusesabagina's release on humanitarian grounds.
8397	The Utes will face No. 15 seed Gardner-Webb in the first round of the NCAA women’s basketball tournament on Friday at 5:30 p.m. MDT at the Huntsman Center.
8398	The Valletta ferry to Sliema and Senglea was stopped until visibility improved.
8399	The value of music is well known.
8400	The Vancouver-based company said its Cobre Panama copper mine delivered record production in 2022.
8401	The vast majority of the ward is ranked among the lowest 10% of areas in the country on the Index of Multiple Deprivation, which measures levels including income, employment, education and crime.
8402	The venue has announced it has teamed up with Stagecoach to provide shuttle bus services throughout the day on Wednesday, June 21 and Thursday, June 22.
8403	The venue was stuffy and it was 11:30pm at that point.
8404	The very ethos of Wasps is to provide affordable studios, but that is becoming increasingly more difficult.”
8405	The very fact that opposition parties can call a conclave against Prime Minister Narendra Modi and lay out a preamble against his poor governance is proof that freedoms are not being suppressed totally.
8406	The victim eventually made friends with a man in Illinois, who later became her husband.
8407	The victims are in stable condition.
8408	The victim, Shabbir Shaikh, in his 40s, was an office-bearer of the Shiv Sena led by Chief Minister Eknath Shinde.
8409	The victim was taken to hospital, but his condition is not believed to be life-threatening.
8410	“The view that I think is widely held, which is why also has an independent process, is actually that that is the best way to do it so that there can be no suggestion of it operating with fear or favour when it comes to individuals.
8411	The villain said he cared about Rose, but the young woman was embarrassed and declared that Big Ed was a rude person who would have accepted her for who she was if he truly loved her.
8412	The visit comes just days after Honduras became the latest country to break with Taiwan in favor of establishing ties with China.
8413	The visiting Kardinals won 25-23, 25-12 and 25-8 on Friday in Southcentral Conference action to move to 5-0 in the league and 6-1 in nontournament play.
8414	The volunteers encourage people to join in the singing.
8415	The WAC has seen quite a bit of parity over the years, as four different teams have won it since the conference brought back men’s swimming and diving in 2014.
8416	The Wallaroos will take their place in the top tier of World Rugby’s new WXV tournament despite losing to Canada in their final match of the Pacific Four Series.
8417	The Wall Street Journal reported that economists…
8418	"The war has always been with Eurasia and never Eastasia."
8419	The war on Twitter gained momentum only after TV actress Devoleena Bhattacharjee came in support of Rakhi Sawant.
8420	The Washington Post, has reportedly spent weeks meeting individually with each member of the Energy and Commerce committee to hear out their concerns and try to clear up, “misunderstandings.”
8421	The watch is 'worn but still ticking', ChatGPT explains.
8422	The way to approach it is to not ask whether this person is “the one”, but just to enjoy the dates.
8423	The website loading speed is incredible.
8424	The weeks of clashes came to a head when officials were chased from Sunningvale Avenue in Biggin Hill, south-east London, by angry residents last week.
8425	The West London club need to cut costs after their heavy outlay on new additions.
8426	The White House points to Biden's support for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer individuals, including appointing them to prominent positions in the White House, such as Jean-Pierre, and across the federal government.
8427	The whole experience went so well that Wan decided he was pretty much done with the indie film world.
8428	The widespread feelings amongst people in Tamil Nadu is that Tamil Nadu deserve better.
8429	The widow, who is Insiza District Ward 18 councillor, Jostinah Ndondo is not alone in the loss of her investment.
8430	The Wildcats appear to have shaken off some of their early-season issues and have been playing good basketball.
8431	The Wildlife Conservation Society disclosed this in Calabar, during a stakeholders’ workshop on Watershed Protection for Safe Sustainable Water Supply sponsored by USAID.
8432	The Will of the People world tour set was a treat to behold.
8433	The willpower of both sides is very strong regarding the FTA," Agrawal said.
8434	The Windsor Framework shows progress on issues we were previously told could not be improved.
8435	The win move Brentford to second place on four points and Fulham are 10th on three points.
8436	The witnesses said the confrontation resulted in the death of more than 40 fighters from both groups, as well as in “dozens of wounded civilians.”
8437	The words were true then.
8438	The working relationship was so good, that Wondrous has been collaborating with Pedersen on can designs ever since.
8439	The work we’re putting in is converting into wins.
8440	The world's top 10 ranked hospitals are affiliated with renowned medical schools and universities within academic health systems.
8441	The worrying stats, published in May was blamed partly on back and neck pain caused by working from home.
8442	The worst bit leaving here is the bit going up to where the Windmill is, which gets rammed, but it’s the only bit of single carriageway isn’t it?
8443	The X10 Pro’s CrystalDiskMark 8 sequential throughput was very good, though not as good as its 48GB transfer numbers.
8444	They act aggressivelyand use all of society'sresources.
8445	They added that the study “highlights the importance of routinely assessing and maintaining optimal BMI and waist circumference throughout adulthood to lower the risk of frailty in older age”.
8446	The Yala Marathon 2023 comprises a 42.195 km Marathon, 21.1 km Half Marathon, 10.5 km Mini Marathon, and 5 km Fun Run.
8447	They also could go after Lamar Jackson, as the Ravens placed the non-exclusive franchise tag on him last week.
8448	They also indicate that Thompson’s work from 1958 through December 1960, when he made his first and longest trip to Europe, deserve a show of their own.
8449	They also visited Notre Dame and the cathedral.
8450	They also want the company to end automated performance write-ups based on productivity metrics and disciplinary measures based on those metrics.
8451	The yam garden is kept spotlessly clean.
8452	They are 1-17 all-time against the Wonders, who were 6-5 last season.
8453	They are acting like they can’t be bothered and just waving at the problem.
8454	“They are at a different level, and that’s the level I’m working towards,” Beck said.
8455	They are aware of the residual threat and they are not letting their guard down,” he said.
8456	'They are now realigning across the board as expected.
8457	They are one of only five bands with two albums both selling over 210 million copies each, and the other bands are in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.
8458	They are probably prepared to tolerate an awful lot more than even the most dedicated staffer who isn’t working under cult member conditions.
8459	They are separating families.
8460	They are very kind."
8461	The Yashoda actor wrote, “Women Rising!
8462	They ask him what he does for a living, he says person trainer, but they know he is a surgeon because he mentioned in one of the challenges where steady hands were needed.
8463	They became close friends in recent years and were seen out drinking in Britain together late last year.
8464	They boast Aislinn McFarland from Antrim, and Down Junior All Ireland winning players Orla and Laoise Duffy, Aoife Laverty and Vivienne McCormick.
8465	They bond over their shared trauma and prove to be each other’s pillars facing the storm that is their dynamic relationship with their father Naga”.
8466	They called on the company to evacuate anyone who wants to leave following the controlled release of vinyl chloride.
8467	They can be removed and are often personalized to meet the requirements of the patient.
8468	They can bring the water tower down on top of him to douse his flames, or knock him in the nearby pool with enough firepower (like planting C4 on the nearby propane tank).
8469	“They can go back in time 11 years ago to when (Colorado’s) state regulators were truly writing the world’s first legal cannabis rules and regulations,” he said.
8470	They can’t do it to themselves by mentally checking out.
8471	They can use it (lower oil, commodity prices) as the reason to say that letтАЩs just wait for inflation to get affected positively because of this (fall in oil, commodity prices),тАЭ Barua said.
8472	“They chop the heads off women and children,” the Telegraph quoted an Israeli commander who spoke to i24 as saying, adding that it could not verify the claim.
8473	“They come from the city so I saw them as probably being closer to the audience (than the locals),” says Hamaguchi.
8474	They confirmed they wanted to terminate their contract at the end of June, one year earlier than their contracted period, citing a lack of support from the government as a major reason.
8475	They could have taken the chalice and others things, but it seems like they were looking for money.
8476	They cut 200 — anyway, I won’t — I shouldn’t get going on them.”
8477	They deserve to know the truth of what led to Mr Schofield’s death and see that anyone who was responsible is brought to justice."
8478	They did an encore much to the delight of everyone.
8479	They did better in the 71st and bagged an unexpected equaliser courtesy of a curled Andrej Kramaric free kick.
8480	They didn’t have the support that they needed, they didn’t have funding, they had to spend all this time trying to just get reimbursed for what they were spending.
8481	They didn't have to walk through the main wing to work and could go straight from their cells.
8482	They didn’t hurt us in the first half—we hurt ourselves.
8483	“They didn’t let their heads go down after the first goal and we got back in it with a really good free-kick from Milan.
8484	"They did offer me another seat but I have worked with the people of Hawkinge for so many years, I could not do that.
8485	They did this several times but multiple reboots failed to work and radar workstations remained offline.
8486	“They don’t develop a normal, healthy attachment to a caregiver.”
8487	“They don’t want him out there promoting himself when he’s about to move on to another station.
8488	They’d rightfully be called racists.
8489	They drive better, are simpler to manufacture and incorporate superior technology.
8490	They even hit No. 20 on the Hot 100 with their collaboration with Zach Bryan on “Hey Driver”.
8491	They exceed that by far,” the student services director said.
8492	“They feel more respected and more hopeful that better international relations will mean more jobs and opportunities for everyone in the outer eastern suburbs.”
8493	They find it tasteless and they are concerned about the excessive use of hormones in the rearing of poultry overseas.
8494	They ‘found’ a hard top Wrangler for me.
8495	“They go from being two-income households to no-income households with mortgages, marriages, car payments and children,” Watson said.
8496	They got a good pitcher performance from Brett Leabch, he threw a complete game to earn the win.
8497	They got that conversion for us on fourth down with the fake punt.
8498	They got to the track around 7:30 pm for shooting.
8499	They go up another notch because we’re now working with three killer dolls!
8500	"They had to put her on ventilation and dialysis and everything.
8501	They have adapted to address these needs by working smarter, creating efficiencies, collaborating with stakeholders and community members, utilizing special funding sources, and prioritizing what type of service without additional personnel.
8502	They have a league-average defense, which should be perfectly fine to shut down the Panthers offense.
8503	They have been released on police bail as the investigation, which a part of Dorset Police’s Operation Viper targeting drug gangs in the area, continues.
8504	'They have boxed themselves in a little as the existing app is already quite feature dense so most things they're planning on offering just won't add a huge lot of value.
8505	“They have enjoyed the menu and they are loving the general setting, people are coming in, warming themselves up and getting a warm tea or coffee and cake or sandwich.
8506	They have handed command of the fire to a smaller team.
8507	They have learned how to build a house.
8508	They have receivers, running backs, tight ends.
8509	They have renovated the foyer and replaced most of the seats in Screen 2 with bigger, comfier seats with more leg room.
8510	They have rubber soles for effective traction, arch support to prevent fatigue and gel-infused memory foam insoles to keep your feet from getting sweaty.
8511	They have to play the Bengals.
8512	“They have unleashed all the judicial apparatus that they control to try to annul what happened,” Mr. Rafalli said.
8513	They have written a lot of blogs, but only a few perform well organically.
8514	They help a mom whose toddler has practically become her shadow.
8515	They hope to bolster their portfolios with the promise of astronomical growth and innovation.
8516	They just do not want the Chinese to build a military base in the Caribbean, in st lucia over 80 percent of private workers earn 2 to 5 EC dollars an hour ….
8517	They just keep on going, and the cost and the threats to America and to the world will keep rising.
8518	They just outplayed us, and it’s frustrating,” the star said, according to ESPN.
8519	They kept hitting me.”
8520	“They killed us in the pick and roll and that was the game.”
8521	They likely will need a sweep over the Cardinals to have much of a shot at sneaking into the postseason.
8522	They limited the damage to just two scores in the second and third innings — one was a home run single — before allowing a four spot in the fourth.
8523	They’ll all be joining Aussie rockers - and current DIY cover starsKing Gizzard & The Lizard Wizard, who’ll be headlining the festival as part of their huge 2024 world tour.
8524	'They'll be out in the world being like, "Hi my name is Francis," but their first name is Gertrude.'
8525	They’ll need to bag a victory on the Rangers’ home turf.
8526	They’ll tell you how capital is flowing to jurisdictions known for their systems thinking – places where conventional fossil fuel development is playing a highly integrated role with other energy systems.
8527	They load and navigate without a hitch.
8528	They lost 14 of their next 20 games.
8529	"They lost a lot of energy pre-game that year.
8530	“They love to support each other in their work… when she’s done with work, she loves going to the theater when she can,” the insider also said.
8531	They lovingly draw inspiration from Herschell Gordon Lewis, Russ Meyer, Andy Warhol and Ingmar Bergman alike, and are also tributes to his hometown of Baltimore.”
8532	They married six weeks later, and Kitty joined him in Youngstown, Ohio.
8533	They may have to shoot someone.
8534	They need to throw the ball more.
8535	They offer 11 levels of ANC so you can finely tune your experience, blocking out as much or as little as you want.
8536	They often appear as if they have agreed on a range of issues but then it turns out that their interpretation of what they have supposedly agreed upon fundamentally differs from one another.
8537	The Yorkshire Post also reported that his family is popular in equestrian circles and host a tournament called the Frickley Horse Trials.
8538	The young gun comes from a fishing family and says he's always jumped at the chance to wet a line.
8539	The young lady got violent with two of her co-stars, Doyin and CeeC and this resulted in her punishment from Big Brother.
8540	The young man who refused to be named said he used to go over to their house after school with Paul where they would ride around on ATVs and swim in the pool.
8541	They owned this loss.
8542	They played very well and they will be fully delighted with the win.
8543	“They pressed very well.
8544	They prompt readers to think critically, seek evidence within the text, and draw connections between different elements of the story.
8545	They put it bluntly to me, and wished me luck.”
8546	They rarely leave their homes, fearful of the intense shelling.
8547	They’re 9-3, with five road wins, because they reliably outhit and outgain opponents of every variety.
8548	They're accused of running a secret brothel that acted like an exclusive club, offering punters 'menus' of women and services at posh rented flats.
8549	They’re applying for passports, questioning the IRS, waiting on regulatory approval and loan guarantees from the Small Business Administration.
8550	They’re copying restrictions from one country, cutting-and-pasting them and putting them in another country,” she said.
8551	They’re defining a unique workflow that links medical-imaging model development, application packaging, deployment and clinical feedback for model refinement.”
8552	"They're essentially almost squatters now on a piece of land owned by somebody else."
8553	“They’re having clients that have psychiatric needs, mental health needs.
8554	They’re his buddies, after all, and they easily could be reassigned to other jobs in the front office/on the coaching staff.
8555	They're increasingly common, but the landscape remains fractured, and the options can be confusing.
8556	They’re not from Bromley, they’re from inner London and have come out.“
8557	“They’re something that to someone, a health crisis that happens to someone,” Krasna stressed.
8558	They're supposed to be a Federal bureau that INVESTIGATES.
8559	“They’re thinking they can force white women to have white babies, but white women will find ways to get abortions.
8560	They’re working on solutions to make the technology that creates and operates these generative AI models more energy efficient.
8561	"They said how lovely Hamza was.
8562	"They said you can go to Canada.
8563	They saw their parents in distress, and being out of school meant less connection to adults or classmates.
8564	“They seemed like very nice people just having a good time,” said a bar patron, who wanted to remain anonymous.
8565	They seemed shocked but were quiet at the time.
8566	They seem more focused on building than getting covered in TechCrunch pre-product.
8567	They should also give utility suppliers meter readings when the tenancy starts and ends, organise safety checks such as the gas safety certificate, electrical safety tests, smoke and carbon monoxide alarms.
8568	They show us the profound beauty of connection.
8569	They start asking themselves, ‘Whose fault is this?’
8570	They stopped fighting, stopped trying to destroy their enemy.
8571	They stopped the subject and immediately observed several indicators of impairment.
8572	They struggled with basic governance, mismanaged their economies and mishandled the pandemic.
8573	“They tell you, ‘Don’t read the comments’ – I read the comments!”
8574	They tended to choose matches more carefully.
8575	They then quickly commented on the bank holiday, before throwing out to two roving reporters for later stories on a tea room and a set visit to Doctors.
8576	They then successfully sold the home, handing over the keys to the unsuspecting new owners.
8577	They think everyone can easily get online, download any app or access any website, at any time.
8578	They think he falsified business records, and have him in court over it.
8579	They took a swing at McGlinchey but lost out to Denver.
8580	They turned west, bound for Whitehorse the next morning rather than heading into Alberta.
8581	"They’ve got the option now - the ultimatum.
8582	They’ve had snipped ears so people can have more status and be feared by others.
8583	They venture into more unusual flavour profiles than I’d be willing to try, but for those of you who are more culinarily adventurous, go for it!
8584	"They’ve put a lot of effort and work in along with Gabe to get into this position now.
8585	They visit Olney Charter on Saturday.
8586	"They wanted to force us to move the election of Sheriff and District Attorney into the presidential cycle," said Brandau.
8587	They went undefeated against teams in their local area that year.
8588	They were both duplicitous and disgusting and sadly the reason why the dating world is rife with trust issues.
8589	“They were close to the riverbank and had stayed in that same location since they were first seen,” he said.
8590	They were from the regions of Metro Manila, Cagayan Valley, Calabarzon, Central Visayas and Davao, he noted.
8591	They were gifts in thanks – symbols of the victory of the Ukrainians, which earned us a lot of trouble at the border."
8592	They were suspected bodies of soldiers killed in a then recent attack on the Melete barracks.
8593	They were there illegally, I was in fear for my life and shot in self defense "standing MY ground".
8594	They were yanked around and twisted up.
8595	They will be reunited over the coming days, with Havertz set to complete his move to Arsenal.
8596	“They will have to discriminate between trans people in Scotland and the rest of the UK on such matters as equal pay, gender discrimination, tax, benefits and pensions, all of which are subject to UK-wide statutory regimes.”
8597	They will need to provide their name and order number to the Old Navy employee who is handling the pickup.
8598	They will not have time to work their way into the 82-game marathon, as an early slide in the standings could mean another failed playoff appearance.
8599	“They will trouble shoot and provide guidance,” she said.
8600	They withstand hot pots, wet weather, and the dishwasher.
8601	They would also likely offer to cover the cost of things like the bride’s gown, the wedding venue, and the wedding cake.
8602	“They would just be stunned to see me.”
8603	They wrote "It’s hard to believe that three years have gone by since Dolores passed on," the band wrote in a shared statement."
8604	The Zixi protocol provides the ability to adjust latency in real time without impact on production streams and is automatically lowered when all network conditions and QoS health signals are amenable.
8605	Thing is, we’re not even halfway home yet.
8606	Things are expanded on cameras with a big optical lens.
8607	Think of all the devices you use that can be controlled with a universal remote.
8608	Think of the mental health of a child as the roof for that child’s psychic and humanistic house, world, well being.
8609	Third-placed Union Berlin are now five points adrift of the top two after being held to a goalless draw by Cologne.
8610	Thirteen people have been charged by Irish police after demonstrations, which saw entrances to Leinster House blocked and included a mock gallows featuring ministers and opposition TDs.
8611	Thirteen percent now define as atheist and 16% as agnostic.
8612	“This agreement must be reached because we must never default.
8613	This also affects its practicality.
8614	This ambitious film will feature Shah Rukh Khan and Salman Khan in leading roles and is expected to be one of the most expensive films to come out of Bollywood.
8615	This applies not only to our profitability ambitions but also to our second strategic ambition to lead sustainable transportation and to help fight climate change.
8616	This arrives at a firm valuation of $12.9Bn and equity value of $338, a 20% upside potential at the time of writing.
8617	This attitude began to change during the fighting in Afghanistan, when marines were assigned to support SOCOM troops there and were duly impressed.
8618	This attraction opens around 6:30 p.m. and all visitors must arrive by 9:00 p.m. since that is when the on-site ticket booth closes.
8619	This behaviour is rooted and passes down from generation to generation,” she said.
8620	This benefit is undeniable, except by ideologues like Fed chairman Powell, who thinks those fathers cause inflation.
8621	This booking photo provided by Fulton County Sheriff's Office, shows former President Donald Trump on Thursday after he surrendered and was booked at the Fulton County Jail in Atlanta.
8622	This brilliant film not only destroys the single Black narrative, it obliterates it – and puts pressure on every single film dealing with race that will come after.
8623	This brings us back to Silicon Valley Bank.
8624	This can be pretty discouraging for players who don't want to invest so much time and money.
8625	This card is currently 14% off at $899.99 on Amazon.
8626	"This case truly is, from an informational standpoint, a basic case," Cohen said.
8627	This claim has been denied.
8628	This classic Indian dessert is given a British twist with Terry’s-inspired chocolate orange flavours.
8629	“This collection is different because nearly all the sets are complete, with a number from the reigns of King Edward VII and King George V as well as the more typical King George VI sets.
8630	This collective endeavor is about creating a cohesive ecosystem where security is a communal effort.
8631	This comes after federal ministers and B.C. Premier David Eby publicly urged the province’s port workers and employers to find a way to avert job action.
8632	This comprehensive guide explores the ins and outs of sustainable travel, uncovers the hidden gems in green tourism, and provides actionable advice on how to become a responsible traveler.
8633	This could affect inheritance, property and child custody because legal systems may govern these issues differently.
8634	This council therefore welcomes the recent pilot initiative introduced to assess the feasibility of such “Schools Streets” as part of Sunderland Labour’s manifesto commitments to residents of the city.
8635	This culture glamorizes the idea of overworking and bases self-worth on how productive someone has been.
8636	This damage can lead to a lacklustre appearance and, even worse, the proliferation of minor scratches across the vehicle's surface.
8637	This day-long festival starts with a free lantern-making workshop for families of all ages, held from 12-7 p.m. at Pittsburgh Yards, followed by a children’s lantern parade at 5:45.
8638	This deal is on the two-person model, but the three-person is also on sale for $265 ($114 off).
8639	“This deal really exemplifies everything a relationship between a songwriter and a publisher should be.
8640	This document may contain forward-looking assessments.
8641	This dress is bringing Spring, it’s sparking joy, it’s got a sexy little peek-a-boo element, and she looks radiant.
8642	This dual punch on bank balance sheets could lead to a credit crunch and a full-blown recession that parallels 2008-9.
8643	This egocentrism starts to go away in concrete operational thinking.”
8644	“This election was an opportunity to send a clear signal.
8645	This environment produces presidential elections with narrow national popular-vote margins decided by a small share of the…
8646	This episode theme would fit well with sad and melancholy storylines like breakups or home troubles.
8647	This exercise will include a small group of job cuts in the short-term and an ongoing focus on managing costs when we negotiate individual contract renewals in the months ahead," ESPN said in a statement.
8648	“This family has been building London for 75 years.
8649	“This fight is important because it is about human rights being violated,” she told broadcaster TV2.
8650	“This finding further strengthens the hypothesis that organic molecules present in meteorites, asteroids and comets contributed to the prebiotic evolution of early Earth and possibly to the origin of life on this planet”, he says.
8651	This follows a unanimous endorsement from representatives of the Regional Centre on Small Arms and Light Weapons (RECSA) 15 member states.
8652	This framework aims to create a secure and transparent environment for bettors to engage in sports betting activities.
8653	This fundraiser is at the heart of what these two stations aim to represent and something KTAR and Arizona Sports hosts look forward to each year.
8654	This game finished 2-2 and, after Arnaut Danjuma’s second half equaliser from a superb Nathan Patterson cross, Everton were in the ascendancy but unable to push on and find a winner that would have been valuable.
8655	This grainy 1903 photo of a mystery woman on Mount Athos, which was published in a Greek newspaper at that time, still causes controversy, with some monks claiming that they believe the unknown female on the left was the Virgin Mary herself.
8656	This group has been consistent all season, and it has to be that way because the offense is erratic.
8657	This group of women — the only people who know the truth — is tasked with deciding the fate of all of the women in the colony.
8658	This has been a consistent pattern over recent years with Laois falling behind.
8659	This has earned him six months suspension pending the outcome of investigation by the Disciplinary Committee.
8660	This holds true even if the company’s proposal to reverse-split the stock obtains shareholder approval.
8661	This home is instantly recognizable, sitting atop a hill with a garden and one lone tree above, and an interior that's large even for a regular-sized man.
8662	This iconic series can be found in its entirety on Hulu.
8663	This ideological claptrap is now mainstream science.
8664	This imperious form set up a rematch against Japan and a chance to rewrite the wrongs of four years ago.
8665	This includes a large entrance porch/sun room with access to the rear garden and annexe, and door to the main reception hall.
8666	This includes asking whether they have the resources to keep 24x7 security monitoring in-house, or if they need ways to augment some of the work.
8667	"This includes clearing the derelict old Sutton Hospital buildings, so people will see real change in the coming months.
8668	This includes damage to public infrastructure, like roads and bridges.
8669	This includes the reconstruction of Rutherford Ave and the North Washington Street Bridge, the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority (“MBTA”) Bus Network Resign, as well as a study and creation of plans for the Gilmore and Alford Street Bridges.
8670	This indicator is significant even for experienced international mining companies.
8671	"This instant print camera is seriously so cool!
8672	This investigation spans 80 years.
8673	This is a band of extraordinary musicians not to miss.
8674	This is a big season for Ardnamurchan who take their place in Mowi South Division 1 for the first time.
8675	This is actually a great place to throw your holiday parties.
8676	“This is actually the biggest question,” Jaap de Roode previously told Scientias.nl. It may actually make those wounds better, but it may also be a purely cultural phenomenon.
8677	'This is a fantastic result'
8678	This is a follow-up analysis of our prior report, “USD/JPY Technical: Bullish tone resumes, 148.20/85 next resistance to watch” published on 17 August 2023.
8679	This is a good report by the author and I don’t mean to pick it apart.
8680	This is a life without purpose, without passion, without an empowering to all aspects of one’s life.
8681	“This is also a chance to give to our students who are not academically good,” said Ms Vaciloa.
8682	This is also the metric in which Nielsen measures streaming viewership.
8683	This is an awful and shocking episode, where there was no criminality, but perhaps a complicated private life.
8684	This is a no-cost event, and space is limited to teens with innovative minds who want to discuss and create a pathway to a better Chicago.
8685	This is another instance of Hermione's commitment to Hogwarts' curriculum and her brilliance.
8686	This is another reason for coming to say goodbye to him.”
8687	“This is a policy announcement.
8688	This is a problem that should be very easily dealt with, all they need to do is just empty the bins that have a sticker on them!"
8689	This is a question each person must answer for themselves.
8690	This is a question you should ask an attorney who specializes in employment law.
8691	This is a significant increase from only three percent coverage when we took over operations from MWSS in 1997.
8692	This is a significant step in RentMy’s growth, and we look forward to working with the Pa-rent community to continue the change for a better and shared future.”
8693	This is a terrible design in itself and was responsible for 20% of all reported bike crashes in a 2011 Chicago study.
8694	"This is a vote based competiton, so we really, really just want to say a massive, massive, massive thanks to the community for supporting us and voting for us.
8695	This is a weighted average, taking into account both loss of income and increased costs.
8696	This is awful for all of you, and my heart goes out to you.
8697	This is because earnings are the main driver of stock prices.
8698	This is because high levels of government debt can be seen as risky, and investors require a higher return to compensate for this risk.
8699	This is because of the constant changes in stock prices and dividend policies of the company.
8700	This is consistent with the decline seen in initial jobless claims yet continuing claims are flat-lining - no hiring, fewer firings.
8701	This is definitely a positive and the more young people we can get involved in football, this mentions girls and women’s teams, the more the better.
8702	This is done by tracking the customer journey, measuring satisfaction, and customer effort.
8703	This is especially so on the planet of Koboh, where the Jedi Knight is able to make friends and allies join the cause simply by doing an act of kindness and speaking to them.
8704	This is every wildlife conservationist’s worst nightmare.”
8705	This is for all the people that are complaining about those who are not going to obey Pumpkinhead Pritzker’s law about owning guns.
8706	This is generally a reversal pattern, so the bias remains bearish, and the sellers are still in control.
8707	“This is going to be broadcast around the world and that is an advertisement for the area that money just can’t buy.”
8708	“This is happening on our Warwick campus, in a ‘best of both worlds’ environment, where girls and boys have numerous opportunities to work together.”
8709	This is hardly unique to Fulgent.
8710	This is her moment to reclaim what was stolen from her, all the years that she lost, not just being able to have this simple pleasure.
8711	“This is his moment,” said Farnsworth of DeSantis.
8712	This is imperative.”
8713	'This is my legacy to area that has given so much to my family and I'
8714	This is not about a state or a caste.
8715	This is not a fake-it-till-you-make-it proposition.
8716	This is not a time for bureaucratic hand wringing.
8717	This is not the first time Traczyk-Stawska has commented on Polish politics.
8718	This is not the simple cynicism of my grandfather’s day, when the whole political charade might well have been viewed as a gang of crooks fighting over spoils.
8719	This isn’t just in The Last of Us Part 1, Hardware Unboxed’s review of the RTX 4060 Ti, you can see similar stuttering slowdowns at 1080p in both A Plague Tale: Requiem The Callisto Protocol.
8720	This isn't the first time has gifted its players free costumes and accessories, as it's doled out free swag as part of a previous update back in mid-November.
8721	This isn't the only time Jason would kill someone in his time as Robin, but it the first time.
8722	“This is one initiative that cements our aspiration of transitioning to a green economy.
8723	This is particularly important for sensitive and confidential information that you might be handling.
8724	“This is pretty much the only money I get to do things,” she says.
8725	This is the Argentina captain's seventh visit to China and his first since 2017.
8726	“This is the boldness we have, Your Excellency.
8727	This is the first slide that adjusts enough to be really comfortable!
8728	"This is the first study to link owner attitudes to the welfare of their working equids across multiple countries and contexts.
8729	This is the first time Cvent has published the annual lists since the COVID pandemic upended the meetings and events industry in early 2020.
8730	This is the most important question at moment, for which we do not currently have a very clear.
8731	This is the second month in a row that inflation has dropped, and it’s now at a 15-month low.
8732	This is the second time he has been linked to a Nigerian film submitted for the Oscars.
8733	This is the spiritual successor to that some of us have been waiting decades for.
8734	This is the third person he has rescued.
8735	This is very unfortunate and all I want is justice.
8736	This is what happens when yone don’t realize the after effects of many vaccine poison organs shots.
8737	'This is what makes the situation chilling, in that on every indicator he appeared to be just like the best of us,' Dr Collier said.
8738	This is when the rushing attack really began as the Lions marched methodically down the field and got on the board at the start of the second quarter via an eight-yard run from quarterback Luke Foley.
8739	This is where sweepstakes casinos come into play – an innovative solution allowing US players to legally participate in casino games and win real money.
8740	This is where the beekeeper business came in,” said Maness.
8741	This is where the need for land reclamation came from, this is where I have realized that these lands must be saved.
8742	“This is why it was important for us to have this.
8743	This is why our clients come to us to define and delineate their vision and mission—because out of them grow their policies and positions on things like the environment, labor relations and compliance.
8744	This ka boy is arrogant and f00Iish.
8745	This kind of madness has to stop.
8746	This led to an argument between her and the police and revenue officials.
8747	This left stars of the ITV lunchtime chat show "livid", according to entertainment reporter Dan Wootton.
8748	This makes awareness of other symptoms front and centre, with 10 signs worth knowing, Ambani added.
8749	This makes it the most distant man-made object in space.
8750	This makes sprouted whole grains and seeds easier to digest for people, too.
8751	“This meal is very important.
8752	This means that all language references and understandings are placed in relationship to the sea and the flow of rivers, or what has been called “thinking like a watershed.”
8753	This means that a single Typhoon Class submarine had the ability to simultaneously hit 200 different cities with warheads that delivered significantly more destructive force than the Hiroshima bomb.
8754	This means there are two upcoming seasons ready to air that have taken place in Fiji.
8755	This meant that Sisko was painfully aware of his dual responsibilities as a Bajoran religious figure and a Starfleet officer.
8756	This might actually rescue the mullahs at the very moment when courageous Iranian dissidents are risking (and losing) their lives to challenge it.
8757	This model incentivizes patients to shop for the cheapest price, exposing providers to the same market pressures that all other businesses face.
8758	This model significantly reduces the time required for connection study processes, further improving the economics of BESS projects in the state.
8759	This month’s two-day sale at Laidlaw Auctioneers and Valuers’ auction rooms includes items as diverse as vintage film cameras, a large private collection of sporting and other celebrity autographs and a rare Second World War British paratrooper helmet.
8760	This month, the secretary general of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), Jens Stoltenberg, a trip to Asia to try to deepen the alliance’s ties with the region.
8761	This nectar has a mild sweetness, making it an ideal substitute for honey in various recipes.
8762	This networking environment will encourage the sharing of ideas and the exploration of potential collaborations.
8763	This not only improves circulation and slows fatigue, but also reduces drag by making you sleeker and slipperier in the water.
8764	This not only improves response times but also reduces the workload on customer service teams, leading to cost savings for the business.
8765	This particular episode of has been controversial since the moment it aired last week.
8766	This past July, weeks after the stunning Big Ten announcement of USC and UCLA, Pac-12 Commissioner George Klyafkov made a bold realignment prediction: “No Pac-12 school is going to the Big 12.”
8767	This pattern continued, with Mayho always in a strong position and Miller and Morris staying in contact.
8768	This phrase encapsulates precisely what’s wrong with the present discourse on antisemitism.
8769	This PlayStation Portable port of the classic game not only made Ingrid playable once more but also finally shed some light on her backstory.
8770	This press release includes “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws.
8771	This price is based on two people sharing a basic inside cabin with no windows.
8772	This prohibition was by Colorado voters in 1984.
8773	This projection was contained in the June 2023 edition of the Nigeria Development Update.
8774	“This project will strengthen efforts to improve milk and meat production as well as livestock productivity and marketing of these products.
8775	This promise lasts until March 2024.
8776	This prompted Jackie to forgive her mother, setting up a perfect season 6 death for Bev.
8777	This proposal will be offering a new facility that can benefit many in the local area.”
8778	This public university just announced massive layoffs.
8779	This quest will take players to who is in a building on the side of a mountain in for the weekly questto obtain Catalyst Charges.
8780	This reads exactly the way a certain scripted podcast sounds.
8781	This record figure was registered during the course of regular weekly and monthly monitoring of the disposal and redressal of public grievances.
8782	“This remains an ongoing investigation and no further information is being released at this time,” the CHP said.
8783	This represents a $2.20 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 1.50%.
8784	This represents a $2.40 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 1.00%.
8785	This represents a $2.44 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.37%.
8786	This represents a $3.76 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.56%.
8787	This represents a $4.77 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.61%.
8788	This same decorative lingerie gracing many unfinished homes in our backwoods turned out also to be a boon for those of us living on back roads where, in spring, the groundwater bubbles up over the road surface.
8789	This scene was taken at Frosty Fest in Gurnee on Jan.
8790	This schedule shows projects currently under active development through the substantial completion of construction as well as properties in an initial lease up period prior to stabilization.
8791	This seamless integration provides our customers with the capabilities to leverage all the potential of Elements.
8792	This season had very high expectations, as it is an all-stars season, and it definitely lived up to the hype.
8793	This season we have been more playful in the way we want to present our new collection.”
8794	This second game in Houston was dramatic and chaotic from the start.
8795	This set comes with two 26-ounce bags in a dog-friendly pizza flavor.
8796	This shift split players down the middle, with many preferring this change and others missing the sea.
8797	This sounds like a dream to me.
8798	This spawned his idea for an adventure novel that he composed in two month.
8799	This spring, I found out that a group was trying to get my first book banned for "age-inappropriate" LGBTQ+ content in an Alabama public library.
8800	This story has been shared 1,921 times.
8801	This street is the home of the Foreign Office, Mycroft's place of work; where the Mazarin Stone was stolen, and Percy Phelps chased the thief of the naval treaty.
8802	This summer is about to get wet and wild with DreamWorks’ latest installment, Ruby Gillman, Teenage Krakensuper shy sea creature Ruby Gillman), all this sixteen-year-old wants is to fit in with her peers (and for her skater-boy crush to like her back).
8803	This surge is propelled by the imperative need for efficient fluid flow in extensive infrastructure endeavors.
8804	This table compares Sonic Healthcare and DarioHealth’s net margins, return on equity and return on assets.
8805	This tragic coincidence happened to Manju Khatiwada, 44, the co-pilot of the ill-fated Yeti Airlines plane, who died on Sunday when the plane crashed in Pokhara, Nepal.
8806	This trend is common as organizations aim for greater agility to remain competitive and meet their business objectives.
8807	This Trump Hating Judge doesn’t.
8808	This type of income isn’t taxed and doesn’t affect your combined income to increase how your Social Security is taxed either.
8809	This type of loan or financing is best deployed to optimise working capital or cash flow, with factoring (or invoice financing) offering a prime example.
8810	This typically includes lots of vegetables, fruits, grains and proteins.
8811	This, unless there was a bigger run on deposits than we know about, is less so.
8812	This unprecedented feat sets up a tantalising Sunday as among those who have qualified for the medal round is Pakistan’s Commonwealth Games gold medallist Arshad Nadeem.
8813	This vehicle doesn’t look like it wants to go over 25 miles an hour — look at the wheels alone.
8814	This waiting list peaked in September 2021, when nearly 250,000 people were waiting 18 months for treatment – including 183 at Milton Keynes University Hospital.
8815	This was after the Mindanao Development Authority (MinDA) and the UNOPS signed a memorandum of understanding to capacitate LGUs in implementing projects, said Secretary Maria Belen S. Acosta, MinDA chair.
8816	“This was a guy whose reputation was being absurdly impugned by some members on the previous board, and by our ex-CEO, and it was all fiction and fabrication,” said Gemmell, who is now Rogers’ lead independent director.
8817	“This was a major disruption to the traveling public, and they didn’t deserve it,” he said.
8818	This was among several donations approved by the district's board of trustees at its Monday meeting.
8819	This was a running theme for City, as Tegan Dray dropped back into defence away from her typical centre spot and Harvey took on a shooting role.
8820	This was a weekly gain of 857 contracts from the previous week which had a total of 19,087 net contracts.
8821	This was emphasised by data released last week showing the top 25 most popular products of all time on Amazon.
8822	This was not the case only with local holidaymakers as even American tourists found the prices too high,” Üsküdarlı said.
8823	This was the first place boys watched and commented on me as I undressed.
8824	This was the remote archipelago where generations of redoubtable men and women defied the elements, the spartan conditions and being detached from their neighbours with a fierce commitment to self-sufficiency which sustained life for 2,000 years.
8825	• This was Tolnai’s 11th multi-point effort of the season, with two assists.
8826	This was triggered by the controversial comment of a social media commentator known as the VeryDarkMan.
8827	This was witnessed in the form of an entirely new ocular jutsu entering the scene – the Jogan.
8828	This way, I can be out enjoying my hobbies when they all decide to flock back in.
8829	This Wednesday’s episode can be streamed on the Under Investigation website after it is aired on TV.
8830	This week DeSantis decided he wants to pull all of the College Board’s Advanced Placement courses because he didn’t like their response to his ban of AP African American studies in the state.
8831	This week, he invited Dutton to attend a meeting of the referendum working group, which is advising the government, so he can glean more information.
8832	This week, on the 14th and 15th of October the team reached the Darga Bazar Shopping Mall, in Cuttack City and was attended by the local agricultural department and many local shoppers present in the building.
8833	This week’s column marks one year since I began my journey as ‘s Sports Authority.
8834	This week we're taking a look back 10 years to the big stories and pictures from Irvine and Kilwinning in early November 2013.
8835	This will almost certainly not be the full extent of their abilities, and they will definitely have some other tricks up their supernatural sleeves.
8836	This will be a comparison to watch over the next few years: Jones versus Wright.
8837	"This will be a difficult time as we say goodbye to friends and colleagues who have contributed so much to Meta," she wrote.
8838	This will be the KIJHL’s first season of operating at the Junior A level.
8839	This will ensure that our wee team continue to set standards off the park as well as on it."
8840	“This will mean more opportunities for growth for our small businesses and the potential to lift more than three million people out of poverty.”
8841	This will now be the subject of discussion with the Azerbaijani side," said Peskov.
8842	This will remove the text for you.
8843	This Winter's Energy Bills Set To Be 'As Bad, If Not Worse Than Last Winter'
8844	This would, at least in theory, normalize the plant and its industry.
8845	This would be accompanied by a return to proper community policing, where officers are visible, trusted and focused on tackling neighbourhood crime.
8846	“This would have been a complicated week for someone else to come in and take two matches with such a quick turnaround,” the manager said.
8847	This would make one capable of generating a profit up to 10 times higher than the subscription charges they have to pay.
8848	“This year, as the director of OUAB’s Visual and Fine Arts Committee, I have had a more hands-on role in overseeing all aspects of planning this year’s event.”
8849	“This year’s finalists kicked it up a notch and I know my fellow judges and I are incredibly optimistic about the future of the Near West Side business community.”
8850	This year, the candidates include world champions, Olympic medallists, world record holders, and inspirational offshore sailors.
8851	This year, the figure has reached 5.6 million as of early December.
8852	“This year we said (to companies) that ‘if you don’t have even one woman on the board, we will vote against you’.
8853	Tholakele completed her brace at 78 minutes and confirmed the victory for Banyana Ba Style.
8854	Thomson had been in contact with other doctors who were committed to staying in Israel and Palestine for now, some of them working in hospitals in Gaza.
8855	Those already in the West Bank and affected areas of Israel should remain "extremely cautious," it said.
8856	Those children who require support for their learning in a mainstream setting are being deprived of this as support is prioritised for those who are violent.
8857	Those comets were discovered in 2006, and last year Professor Paris suggested that a cloud of hydrogen gas in the wake of the celestial objects triggered the signal.
8858	Those completely smashed were done by the Israeli police with batons, he said.
8859	Those congress cretins who wear AR15 badges must be feeling sooooooooooo proud of themselves again.
8860	Those efforts are now being heightened, both for readiness and to deter an unpredictable Russia.
8861	Those efforts were supported by a number of local and international observer groups and diplomatic missions.
8862	“Those jokes aren’t any longer funny.”
8863	Those looking to own The Fate of the Furious can do so through Apple TV, Google Play, YouTube Movies, or any of the usual sites.
8864	Those numbers may seem small for experienced authors but they don’t stop aspiring writers from applying for a contract.
8865	Those occasions would’ve put Wright within the C-final within the 500, B-final within the 400 IM, and eighth within the 1650 on the 2023 ACC Swimming & Diving Championships final month.
8866	Those projects include a $12 billion green hydrogen plant to be built by Indian firm ACME.
8867	Those that have been convicted of marijuana crimes in the past will be first in line to get a license to operate a dispensary.
8868	Those things have been ordered new and will be shipped right to the new apartment, so there shouldn’t be any real lag time between when they have a bed or couch or television,” she said.
8869	Those who wait until August or September to get loan-related affairs in order will likely regret it.
8870	Those wickets are a sign of longevity and a sign of two bowlers constantly pushing each other to get better and driving each other forward.
8871	Those winds have made it into our folklore, photography, art, and music.
8872	Those with a poor lifestyle, unhealthy life choices, stressful days, irregular sleep, and obesity can suffer from a high drop in testosterone levels.
8873	Though councilors effectively approved the allocations on Monday, they’ll officially rubber stamp the awards in an upcoming city council meeting.
8874	Though doesn’t represent real events, it was called out for its many historical and technical inaccuracies.
8875	Though it is natural to associate this process with occupations that involve high stakes and the potential for serious harm resulting from unqualified practitioners, occupational licensing is actually far more pervasive.
8876	Though it’s unclear how many years pass after that, main story is set in the intervening years, likely in the late 1920s or early 1930s.
8877	Though Leonard and his group claimed they had no hate in their hearts, we learn early on that Redmond had previously brutally attacked Andrew in a bar.
8878	Though memory is the "scribe of the soul" it ultimately is not the soul of the person that was lost.
8879	Though not a traveler by heart, he'd quip, "Lisa loves to travel, and I love Lisa."
8880	Though one of the tallest and strangest incarnations in the series, Shin Godzilla's standout power was its atomic breath.
8881	Though rarely seen, the bag of money––one of the most potent objects in all of cinema––becomes both their source of salvation and a ticking time bomb; let’s call it Schrödinger’s cash.
8882	Though synthetic voices might make voicing legions of NPCs free, AI voices might cheapen the quality of games as well, actors warned.
8883	Though the real murderer gets caught and goes to jail, the shocking ending never fails to bring viewer's jaws to the floor.
8884	“Though we don’t really have a large community of Nigerians in Tunisia as many of them are those rescued from the Mediterranean after a failed attempt to cross from Libya, the mission will update if they do request to return.”
8885	Thousands gathered outside Hellenic Trains’ Athens headquarters to protest against the decades of failure to improve rail network safety, despite close calls in past years.
8886	Thousands of people have turned out for the “Set Them Free” rally in Sydney, where a Jewish-Australian leader has warned unless anti-Semitism was confronted by all, “it will devour once more”.
8887	Thousands of small businesses risk going bust as “brutal” energy bills are to double with the end of a government support scheme from this weekend.
8888	Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company.
8889	Three-fifths of the board would have to approve overriding the veto.
8890	Three generations of the McClintock family lived there until 1959 when Gilbert McClintock donated the house to Wilkes College.
8891	Three of them – Africa Plus Partners Nigeria Limited Consortium (APPNLC), Mainstream Energy Solutions Limited (MESL and North-South Power Consortium (NSP) were prequalified.
8892	Threshold (T) traded up 1.3% against the dollar and now trades at $0.0247 or 0.00000082 BTC.
8893	Thrivent Financial for Lutherans cut its position in Pacira BioSciences, Inc. () by 0.6% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel.com reports.
8894	Through all this, we're exposed to what should be regarded as fundamental mantras such as "Live below your means".
8895	Through Meditation Points and Shortcuts, players will be able to scout unexplored areas even quicker.
8896	Throughout history portraiture has been used to uplift white monarchs, people of power, importance, and wealth.
8897	Through outlets like the explosion of the genre across all areas of the country, was able to be shown.
8898	Throughout the season, Prescott's turnovers have been a steady topic of conversation, as his 15 regular-season interceptions led the league despite him appearing in just 12 games.
8899	Throughout we followed any issued guidelines.
8900	“Through the MSR my grandfather opened doors for African American communities nearly 90 years ago to assist with opportunities.
8901	Through this intimacy, Tim finally finds a spiritual release — a way to recognize that his feelings and identity are not the atrocities he once believed them to be.
8902	Thunder: 6-4, averaging 112.3 points, 44.0 rebounds, 21.8 assists, 7.4 steals and 2.8 blocks per game while shooting 44.2% from the field.
8903	Thursday, the day of the lamb show at the fair, was also the day of his father’s funeral.
8904	Thus, the launch of the…
8905	Tickets are available at https://teaandtalkseries.
8906	Tickets at £8 for adults and £4 for under 14s are available in advance from Marion on 07761 688 564 or on the door.
8907	Tickets for Jordan Rising Stars are available at NBAEvents.com and through the NBA Events App, which can be downloaded in the Apple Store (http://bit.
8908	Tickets go on general sale on Monday, August 21. For information and tickets go to nightfallfestival.
8909	Tickets will be available soon, and those interested in attending are encouraged to check the group’s Facebook page and website for updates.
8910	Tied to the band’s return, Schneider and music photographer are hosting a book signing at the Punk Rock Museum from 5-7 p.m., promoting Grecco’s “Punk, Post Punk, New Wave: Onstage, Backstage, In Your Face, 1978-1991” (Abrams Books, 2020).
8911	Tigress Financial boosted their price target on shares of Apple from $210.00 to $225.00 in a report on Friday, June 23rd.
8912	TikTokers commended the deliveryman for going above and beyond for an unfortunate, but “genius” Voss.
8913	Timbaland and Swizz Beatz’s popular music series has a lot of people talking.
8914	Time to take my janky a** to the unemployment line.”
8915	Time will tell how customers react to the new systems.
8916	Timothy and Suzanne Hession from NY state in the USA travelled to Ireland to renew their wedding vows in the church in which Timothy's great grandfather, Timothy Crowley, was baptised in 1868.
8917	Tim wears Browns’ paraphernalia at every game and every other possible moment to promote his devotion to the team.
8918	Titled “The Right Track,” this pre-taped piece is a spiritual sequel to last season’s Waffle House short, where Jenna Ortega’s dramatic talk with her boyfriend played out while mayhem ensued inside the Waffle House.
8919	TMG views the action of the government as dictatorial and a clear clamp down on peaceful, harmless protest by citizens and these actions are not tenable in a democracy.
8920	“To abandon an alley, you have to say there is no public purpose,” he said.
8921	To access the deal, customers must mention the promotion in-store or use the code “FrenchFryDay23” online.
8922	To accomplish this, we will need to develop new mechanisms for surveillance and research funding and administration.
8923	To add to her troubles, Kristin catches her feckless musician husband Paul (Tim Daish) in flagrante delicto with a younger woman in his home studio.
8924	To be able to be healthy enough to land the choreography and to do it myself versus having someone do it for me, it's like a badge of honor in a way.
8925	To be sure, the brand has been rapidly adding hospitality components to its boutiques — from full-fledged restaurants to chocolate shops — as it cements its status as a cultural brand.
8926	To bring him back would cost Eon Production a staggering amount of money.
8927	To date, the recommendations of the report has not been implemented.”
8928	Today at CES, the company announced some key improvements to the system.
8929	Today, he has about 8,800 taps.
8930	Today, however, child labor in America is on the rise.
8931	“Today, I invite each of us to help alleviate the feelings of isolation and loneliness through dedicated ministry, both in formal assignments and any other time you feel you should do something kind for someone else,” he said.
8932	Today in History: September 3, Treaty of Paris is signed ending Revolutionary.
8933	Today, most of those 2016 dreamers have disappeared from the scene, become answers to trivia questions or appear on Fox News every 20 minutes doing commercials for pain relief or sleep aids.
8934	Today, Peacock shared the first teaser and a round of new images from the series.
8935	Today, the rules-based international system needs to be defended against Russia’s hegemonic aggression.
8936	To disable Copilot using the Registry Editor, type into the search bar and hit enter.
8937	To do this, mix baking soda with water to form a paste, then apply it to the watch and use it to gently scrub the nooks and crannies of the watch.
8938	To do this, you’ll need to use a USB-C Digital AV Multiport Adapter.
8939	To figure this out, researchers looked at two types of DNA: mitochondrial DNA, which comes from the mother’s side, and Y-chromosome DNA, which comes from the father’s side.
8940	Together it’s strong, but not as open, or upfront as other religions are.
8941	Together, they form the name "Ayaka," which translates to "silk flower."
8942	"To give them the chance of proper leadership and proper government, with a plan, with a project, so we can ensure their aspirations are rewarded."
8943	“To have as many people there as possible would be fantastic, there’s going to be a very competitive game and I am sure they are looking forward to it as much as we are.”
8944	To help viewers distinguish between the two, director Anderson employs the interesting creative technique of shooting non-performance scenes in black-and-white.
8945	To introduce new habits successfully, it’s crucial to grasp the science behind them.
8946	To keep your towel rail radiator operating at its best, regular maintenance is essential.
8947	Tokyo wants answers to a critical question: Can this group of like-minded democracies find common purpose in confronting revisionist states in Europe and Asia?
8948	Tom Burke excellently depicts Cormoran's deep trauma as a former Armed Forces operative, as he struggles to reconcile with his past and becomes an alcoholic.
8949	Tome and the members of her new backroom staff were also travelling south from Madrid, while the national-team players based elsewhere would make their own way.
8950	To me, plantains then should really supplant potatoes.
8951	To me, they taste so similar that, with the price difference - £2.99 at Aldi and £6 for the real thing - it’s a no brainer."
8952	Tom is survived by his wife Kim, parents and many other family.
8953	Tom's behavior is inappropriate at the most extreme levels.
8954	Tom Taylor: Because they're not decades old.
8955	To my astonishment I was instantly given a number to phone and without hanging on too long I was speaking to a to my problem.
8956	Toni, who had never experienced death, told her mother she saw people as they were shot.
8957	Tonsser, an app which helps young footballers get discovered and gain access to potentially career-changing opportunities, launches in England today.
8958	Tony was a patron and a great friend to our local theatre company.
8959	“Too many people talk about the strikers in Manchester United and say we never score goals,” argued the Argentinian.
8960	To purchase a pack of six pads, one needs at least 500 naira, and even at that price point, the cheaper pads are of lower quality.
8961	“To restore the House’s direct link to the public and to foster greater diversity among members and the Electoral College, we must increase the number of representatives.”
8962	Tori wasn’t the only one in her family to receive medical care over recent months.
8963	TORONTO — Canada’s main stock index was flat Tuesday, reversing minor losses from earlier in the day, while U.S. markets moved lower.
8964	TORONTO — Ontario's new housing minister says the government has "fully implemented" 21 of its housing…
8965	Torrance reported 5.48 inches, and Narbonne High School had 4.79 inches, with the Palos Verdes Peninsula recording 5.74 inches.
8966	Tortoise Index Solutions LLC acquired a new position in Select Energy Services during the 2nd quarter worth about $115,000.
8967	To see more or to join, visit the Leader Camera Club Facebook group.
8968	To sign Jay’s online guestbook, visit www.bowerfuneralhome.com – Bower Funeral Homes, Pulaski is handling the arrangements for the family.
8969	Total Cookie Protection, which stops cookies from tracking you around the web, to its Firefox Android app.
8970	To treat the stain most effectively, promptly dry the spill up as quickly as possible to avoid a stain when returning home.
8971	“Touches of Sweet Harmony” will be given by mezzo-soprano, Christina Wilson and Alan Hicks on piano.
8972	Tourists described the waterfalls as "magical" while exploring Uluru.
8973	Tour of the Gila also tweeted out video interviews with Marcela Prieto the Mexican cyclist who came in second overall.
8974	Tova develops a bond with Marcellus, the aquarium’s resident giant Pacific octopus.
8975	Towards the end, it started turning a bit.
8976	To what extent we will do so is yet to be determined.”
8977	To which my reply was, “I think it is a good one.”
8978	Tracing guns used in Minn. crimesMore than 20,000 firearms were recovered and tracked in Minnesota from 2017 to 2021.
8979	Tracing the origins of the Targaryen family, the show charts the power struggle and eventual civil war between the family's heirs to the Iron Throne.
8980	Tracy Ryan (left) with the family of British billionaire Hamish Harding, who perished along with four other people on the imploded Titan submersible.
8981	Tracy was a star in several films, including “Square Pegs”, “St.
8982	Tradeshows hold a lot of value for a small business that is trying to grow their business.
8983	Trailing 24-13, Montreal made things interesting after Evans was able to connect with Tyler Snead for a 20-yard TD, but fell short on the two-point convert to trail 24-19 with 2:33 remaining.
8984	"Training throughout the pre-season has helped that and has given him plenty of opportunities to play the game, as it were, as opposed to just training and running and doing fitness.
8985	Trains were running back to normal by 8pm.
8986	Transformers: Rise of the Beasts teases a massive showdown between multiple unique factions and a bigger threat than ever in the form of Unicron, a planet-devouring force that threatens the safety of the entire world.
8987	“Transgender people have always been here.
8988	Transgender rights activists have disrupted the Texas House with protests from the chamber gallery, which led to state police forcing demonstrators to move outside the building.
8989	Travel to the Cragcroft Floo Flame to immediately see the first three Balloons northwest.
8990	Treasurer Tim Pallas previously accused the Greens of wanting to create a “command economy”.
8991	Trek uniforms only got more uncomfortable-looking from there.
8992	Tributes have poured in for a 'gentle and kind' dog who helped thousands of pupils at a secondary school.
8993	Trim any excess fat from the meat.
8994	Tripadvisor reviews describe it as a "Beautiful place to go when pottering in Wrexham" and "A little haven of peace and tranquility."
8995	Trolls — those who lob incendiary comments in an attempt to spark a reaction — occupy a hazy gray area in politics between citizen critic and abuser, stalker or harasser.
8996	TRON (TRX) traded 2% higher against the dollar and now trades at $0.0687 or 0.00000256 BTC.
8997	Tropical Storm Tammy formed east of the Windward Islands on Wednesday.
8998	Trotter raised his concerns regarding the lack of Black people in decision-making positions to Goodell at several news conferences, including during the league’s Super Bowl festivities in February.
8999	Trudeau spent part of the day flying to Tofino, B.C., to join his family.
9000	Truffles, and other fungi of its kind, form a symbiotic relationship with plant life, meaning that the prized delicacy is usually found growing near the roots of trees.
9001	Truist Financial Co. has a 12-month low of $40.01 and a 12-month high of $63.08.
9002	Trump asked a worker at his beachfront estate in Florida to delete surveillance footage to obstruct investigators.
9003	Trump himself appointed her in his final months in office, yet she has not recused herself from the case.
9004	Trump himself did not hide how he feels about the opposing candidates: “The more enemies, the better.”
9005	Trump’s campaign spokesman reacted to the far-reaching criticism by doubling down and repeating Trump’s call to eradicate his domestic enemies.
9006	Trust me; few people are as miserable as narcissists.
9007	Tuch has 15 points (eight goals, seven assists) in his last 13 games.
9008	Tucker had opened the scoring with a 43-yard field goal in the first period.
9009	Tuesday’s conclusion of’s Season 23 Blind Auditions not only introduced four more promising contestants, it raised a question: WTH had Alyssa Lazar done to wind up performing the only tryout to be abbreviated to near nothingness?
9010	Tuesday’s repeal comes against the backdrop of the worst Israeli-Palestinian fighting in recent years and as concerns grow of intensified violence during Ramadan, which will start this week.
9011	Tumble dryers are regularly referred to as "demon" energy guzzling gadgets which can really push up your bills.
9012	Turn again to Scott who has no question whatsoever that America’s original sin was slavery.
9013	Turns out, Jones completed his pass — just not to Smith-Schuster.
9014	Turns out, though, something was nudging them along; it just wasn't something we could see with the naked eye.
9015	Tusk frowned while Holownia expressed his disappointment that the day ended on a bitter note.
9016	Twenties Soho comes alive with geek culture references and UNIT's high-tech portrayal.
9017	Twitch has been approached for comment.
9018	Twitter has struggled to bring back advertisers turned off by Musk’s drastic changes and loosening of rules against hate speech.
9019	Two brothers were stabbed in a fight with a group of men involving knives in a Black Country street.
9020	Two Burlington County lawmakers, Senate Majority Whip (D-Delran) and Assembly Majority Whip (D-Mount Laurel), said earlier today that they would consider running for Kim’s seat.
9021	Two cornerbacks figure to land in the top 10: Illinois star Devon Witherspoon and Oregon standout Christian Gonzalez.
9022	Two drill holes will test a coincident gravity and IP chargeability trend, and high priority heliborne EM conductor approximately 400 meters to the south of the Zarcita mine workings.
9023	Two heads are always better than one, as the two players must coordinate to solve puzzles.
9024	Two international students attending high school in Northeastern Nova Scotia say they are enjoying their experience in Nova Scotia.
9025	Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, one has issued a hold rating, two have issued a buy rating and one has issued a strong buy rating to the stock.
9026	Two laps later just as everything was looking good, O’Gorman lost control coming out of turn eleven and crashed heavily, hitting his head hard.
9027	Two lower courts upheld the law.
9028	Two men aged 23 have already been executed over the protests sparked by the death of Mahsa Amini but campaigners fear dozens more risk being hanged as Iran uses capital punishment as an intimidation tactic in a bid to quell the protests.
9029	Two Mesa women were sentenced in the past week for their roles in human smuggling deaths in Texas, authorities announced Tuesday.
9030	Two months ago Prigozhin led a short-lived mutiny against the Russian military leadership, in what was the gravest challenge ever to Putin’s more than two-decade grip on power.
9031	Two months into her job shadowing the unimpressive incumbent, Lucy Frazer, she is in listening mode.
9032	Two people familiar with the deal say the Panthers have traded up to acquire the No. 1 pick in the draft from the Chicago Bears.
9033	Two people suffered non-life-threatening injuries, police said.
9034	Two-time Academy Award winner De Niro appeared on stage to honour the US filmmaker, but appeared to struggle reading the autocue before noting there was a “mistake”.
9035	Two tons of apples were gleaned at Bentleys Castle Fruit Farm in Castle Trump, Gloucestershire.
9036	Two weeks ago, a Google Pixel 3 user made a Reddit post detailing a potentially critical bug that prevented him from making a 911 call.
9037	Two years ago, the AMA won widespread praise for announcing a to dismantle structural racism within its ranks and the U.S. medical establishment.
9038	Two years earlier, in 2015, the coastal commission won a lengthy legal fight and opened a new accessway to Carbon Beach.
9039	‘Tyler is always hanging around waiting for Molly when she gets off the coach and they are often seen heading off together away from the group.
9040	Typical organizations take several weeks to several months to monitor the DMARC results and update SPF and DKIM with additional email servers.
9041	Tyrod Taylor (2) leaves the field after the Eagles beat the Giants 33-25 in Philadelphia.
9042	UBS Group began coverage on shares of California Water Service Group in a research report on Wednesday, November 30th.
9043	UBS Group lifted their price objective on PACCAR from $49.33 to $51.33 and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd.
9044	UBS Group reduced their price target on shares of Analog Devices from $210.00 to $195.00 in a research note on Wednesday, November 23rd.
9045	UBS on Wednesday appointed Sergio Ermotti as its new group CEO, following the recent acquisition deal of Credit Suisse.
9046	U can imagine how Nigeria will be great with Peter Obi administration"
9047	UConn (12-2) does not have the required seven healthy scholarship players to put a team on the court.
9048	UEFA also fined Roma 50,000 euros and will block the club selling tickets for its next away game in the Europa League.
9049	UK airports facing major delays after passport scanning system failstheweek.
9050	UK and European dates will be announced soon.
9051	UK inflation also remains the highest among the G7 rich nations and is more than double the Bank of England's official two-percent target.
9052	Ukrainian forces are gaining more ground at a rapid pace towards Russia’s “linchpin” town of Tokmak in southern Ukraine.
9053	Ukrainian officials have previously said they have “no knowledge” of a Vatican peace mission to resolve the conflict with Russia, following the pope’s claim of involvement in the process.
9054	Ukrainian, Polish, and Baltic colleagues should make sure these weapons are not turned against them.
9055	Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy has vowed to restore Ukrainian rule over Crimea, seized and annexed by Russia in 2014 in a move not recognized by most other countries.
9056	UK Train Drivers' Strikes to Continue Into February Amid Pay Row: Trade.
9057	Ultimately, along with the poor script, directing, and casting, it's 's cartoonish concept that makes the movie fall flat.
9058	Ultimately, the consistency and growth in shareholder remuneration make this a key income stock to hold.
9059	Ululani Beirne of Kahana Valley listens intently during the 22nd Annual Native Hawaiian Convention Wednesday at the Maui Arts and Culture Center in Kahului.
9060	Unable to sleep at night and tired of discomfort, “Cap’n Josh” designed a wooden spreader bar, placing one at each end of the hammock with holes through which he ran the rope.
9061	Uncle Joe expressed this concern to Charity, who was shocked and confused because she thought she'd been seeing the true Joey.
9062	“Uncle Mark escaped as a prisoner in Italy in the Second World War,” she said, according to The Sun.
9063	Under 8’s Juniors played against Billingham Juniors Lions, Billingham were a tough team to break down, but Aycliffe kept plugging away and the hard work paid off.
9064	Under her leadership, the Brierfield pharmacy offers diabetes screening, blister pack assembly and home delivery.
9065	Underlying many of the exploits and influence of foreign nations in Africa is the notion of racial superiority.
9066	Understanding what is actually happening to the brain during exercise can shed light on how these ten minutes impact the brain.
9067	Under such guidance, the think tank says, schools may accommodate religious headwear such as the hijab, but they should not require it as part of the uniform.
9068	Under the government plans GB goods which are staying in NI would enter through the green lane, meaning they would not be subject to routine checks and would have minimal paperwork.
9069	Underwood, then Michelle McAtee, joined stockbroker Mullens in 1978.
9070	Undoubtedly, anyone who has won an online race will attest to the power of the almighty victory pose.
9071	UNESCO International Fund for Cultural Diversity!
9072	Unforced errors were also a problem for the former world No. 3, who couldn't find a groove against his more consistent opponent.
9073	Unfortunately, Estonia lags behind other European countries in terms of the extent to which social payments can reduce relative poverty rates.
9074	Unfortunately for Renfield, Dracula is gradually recovering his strength, and he won’t be too happy with Renfield’s attempt to break away from his thrall.
9075	Unfortunately, that’s one of those figures that does not appear to be trackable at present.
9076	Unfortunately, this legislation failed to pass out of the Appropriations Committee.
9077	Unfortunately, this year, the United Nations acknowledged we are failing badly.
9078	UNHCR indicates that Uganda currently hosts nearly one million South Sudanese refugees, the vast majority of them women and children.
9079	Unified Command has created a Harbor Coordination Group to communicate with owners and operators of impacted vessels.
9080	Unions, the Minerals Council and the gambling lobby could be free to spend as much as they like during a potential byelection battle for former premier Dominic Perrottet’s seat of Epping because of a political deadlock over third-party contributions.
9081	United Conservative Party Leader Danielle Smith is seen through a wheel rim as she makes an election campaign announcement in Calgary, Alta., Thursday, May 4, 2023.
9082	"United, despite their star-studded team, were unable to break Hib's defensive barrier," Baldacchino recalled.
9083	United have lost eight of their 15 matches this season, are nine points adrift of fourth place in the and in danger of going out of the at the group stage.
9084	United haven’t played since December 18, in the FA Women’s National League Cup.
9085	United, meanwhile, have made the signing of a new striker one of their priorities for the summer and Kane is high on their shortlist.
9086	United’s 13th-placed hosts are out of sorts having won just once in their last 17 league games.
9087	United’s head coach said: “You get an element of fearlessness and I think that’s what we need at the minute, in terms of people not playing with any fear, being brave, stepping up and making the most of the opportunity they get.
9088	United start their pre-season campaign tomorrow at Chesterfield, before travelling to Portugal for a week's warm-weather camp that also includes a friendly against Estoril.
9089	United will hope those teething problems continue.
9090	Unite general secretary Sharon Graham, said: “Unite’s 500-strong membership at Scottish Water has sent a crystal clear message to management that their behaviour will no longer be tolerated.
9091	Unite regional officer Lakhy Mahal said: “Trelleborg has left our members no choice but to strike and any disruption to the supply chains of the company’s clients is entirely the fault of management for refusing to table a reasonable offer.
9092	Unitree claims its Go1 robot weighs in at around 26 pounds on its own, but after the flame-throwing upgrades, the Thermonator weighs closer to 60 pounds, which will undoubtedly have a limit on how long the bot can operate before needing a battery swap.
9093	Unity Bank has partnered with 3 non-government organizations – Recycling Scheme for Women and Youth Empowerment, RESWAYE, MEDIC and KBG to promote environmental sustainability through the Beach Bleaning Initiative.
9094	University Park North, University Park South, and the Central Neighborhood are the three on-campus housing neighborhoods.
9095	Unknown gunmen suspected to be kidnappers have invaded Gambar Sabon Layi community in Tafawa Balewa local government area of Bauchi State and killed the hamlet head of the area and four other residents on Saturday night.
9096	Unlike last year, when a Kona Low brought a to the Big Island’s summits just in time for the holiday, it’s not looking good for a white Christmas this year.
9097	Unlike normal people, from an early age Watt was also interested in chemistry.
9098	Unlike some plastics, silicone products are safe for kids to use.
9099	Unlike Spawn's symbiote costume or the divine power bestowed upon the Angels by God, Haunt's abilities seem to stem from the bond he formed with the spirit of his deceased brother Kurt.
9100	Unlike Ukraine, Taiwan does not consist of flatland, actually being quite mountainous, and also does not share a land border with its adversary.
9101	Unprocessed or minimally processed soya foods, such as tofu, edamame and soya milk, are a great addition to our daily diet.
9102	Unsanitized comments are left underneath the videos.
9103	Unsurprisingly, that’s a home run in every MLB ballpark.
9104	Until recently, Burnley have always stayed within two, three or four points adrift of safety despite their struggles.
9105	Until this year, the last Mainer to hold a leadership position on the Appropriations Committee was Sen. Frederick Hale, who retired just prior to World War II.
9106	Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (eg submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information.
9107	Updated November 3, 2023: Another week has come for, which means missions, challenges, and rewards have been reset.
9108	Updated on March 28, 2023, by Ritwik Mitra: Skyrim is still a pretty fun open world to dive into, with numerous mods making the experience fresh and engaging once again.
9109	Updates on this incident are below.
9110	Upon arrival, Morris Fire Protection District Firefighters discovered a fully engulfed RV.
9111	"Upon arrival, we found a man who was assessed and had non-life-threatening injuries.
9112	"Upon arrival we found a woman who was assessed by ambulance staff and had sustained non-life threatening injuries.
9113	Upon learning that his daughter, Reika, has been abused by her boyfriend, Nobuto, Tetsuo tries to get to the bottom of the situation.
9114	Uppercuts in the grab from both men.
9115	Up several platforms to the left of the room, blocked by vines that can be burnt with Incendio.
9116	Up until this semester, USM has only offered a dorm option in Gorham.
9117	US Bancorp DE grew its holdings in shares of Stellantis by 3.2% during the first quarter.
9118	USC football coach Lincoln Riley speaks before the CFP national championship game between Georgia and TCU on Monday at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood.
9119	USC guard Drew Peterson (13) gets off a shot between Arizona State guard DJ Horne (0) and forward Warren Washington (22) during the first half of an NCAA college basketball game in Tempe, Ariz., Saturday, Jan.
9120	USC quarterback Caleb Williams passes the ball during the first quarter of their game against Arizona on Saturday night at the Coliseum.
9121	US diplomats were evacuated via an airborne rescue operation which airlifted fewer than 100 people with Chinook helicopters, this morning.
9122	USDOT is also awarding 37 implementing grants funding low-cost measures like new sidewalks, crosswalks, protected bike lanes, roundabouts, speed bumps, better lighting, and speed-management strategies to slow cars in high-pedestrian traffic areas.
9123	Use 999 and A&E departments for emergency and life-threatening situations, and 111 online for less urgent health advice.”
9124	Use a desktop instead of the app: If the Twitter app is experiencing a bug, you may have trouble logging in. Try to sign in on a computer and see if the problem resolves.
9125	Used car loan-to-value ratios increased to 125 in the first three months of this year from 104 for the same period in 2021, according to the study released Tuesday by credit reporting firm TransUnion and market researcher J.D. Power.
9126	Use them when you’ve got them, because you’ll always get more if you role-play properly.
9127	U.S. gold futures fell 0.02% to $1,871.60 an ounce.
9128	Using complex technology, heat pumps extract available heat from natural sources outside the property, such as the air or ground, and increase the temperature to provide heating for your home.
9129	Using CSP chips gives a light output of 10,000 Lumens per pair.
9130	Using high-speed graphics processing, the technology helps deliver personalized radiopharmaceutical therapy (a radioactive drug)—a safe, effective and targeted approach to tumor treatment.
9131	Using this weapon with the Dual Flurry Perk can make for some incredibly fast stabbing.
9132	U.S. News delayed the release by one week to address questions from universities and has temporarily withdrawn rankings of law and medicine programs.
9133	U.S. Security Secretary Lloyd Austin acknowledged Monday that shedding Bakhmut wouldn’t be an infinite blow on account of its worth is additional symbolic than strategic.
9134	Usually when people play better, they like the track.
9135	Utah Gov. Spencer Cox presented a new strategic partnership plan to Mexican authorities on Wednesday that aims to strengthen business and cultural ties between Mexico and Utah.
9136	VAC assesses the likelihood of an advertisement being seen by an audience a key aspect of attention.
9137	Valero must also modify several pressure-relief valves and process hazard analyses to consider power losses at the facility.
9138	Vallabh alleged that the economy has witnessed a K-shaped recovery under the BJP-led regime and asked why the debt per Indian saw a 2.53-time jump in the last nine years.
9139	Valoe provides automated production technology for solar modules based on the company’s own technology; production lines for modules; solar modules and special components for solar modules.
9140	Vampiro explained in Spanish for a video posted by Mas Lucha.
9141	VANCOUVER â€” Canada’s pharmacists worry a lack of data about prescription management could see a repeat of the situation with diabetes and weight-loss drug Ozempic, in which thousands of doses have been mailed over the border to Americans.
9142	VANCOUVER — British Columbia has become the first province in Canada to require a three-day waiting period for buyers after they’ve signed an agreement to purchase a home.
9143	VanCuyk plays Gabbi Reynolds, an ambitious young woman who is sent to Arizona to check out land in and around the ghost town of Jerome (Reynolds works for some sort of real estate company).
9144	"Vanderpump Rules" airs Wednesdays on Bravo -- with the season finale dropping next week, before the sure-to-be-explosive 3-part reunion.
9145	Varto says many are surprised to learn they might have a brain injury from strangulation or strikes to the head.
9146	Vaughan Nelson Investment Management L.P. lessened its holdings in Alphabet Inc. () by 15.2% in the 1st quarter, Holdings Channel.com reports.
9147	Vaughn, who is a native of Washington, D.C., said since the moment she moved here in 1988 the Triad has felt like home and she wouldn’t want to work anywhere else.
9148	Venezuela’s government promoted the referendum for weeks, framing participation as an act of patriotism, and often conflating it with a show of support for Maduro.
9149	Venice Architecture Biennale, titled Laboratory for the Future,was inaugurated on the same day that the leaders of the G7 industrialised nations met in Hiroshima.
9150	Verisk Analytics stock opened at $219.97 on Friday.
9151	Very early on, he came up with the idea for a character called Jayben.
9152	Very few women with HPV types are at high risk of developing cervical cancer.
9153	Very interesting character.
9154	Viad had a return on equity of 20.26% and a net margin of 2.76%.
9155	Via Tanzanian refugees who began to flee across the border, word got to the Dopoi Center, where Meitamei is director and Keiwa director of language and culture.
9156	Vicky Waugh, mum of Kalen, recently warned others to not go swimming in the water.
9157	Victims of military rule and their families have ramped up a push for justice and accountability, but politically the far-right has gained ground amid growing fears over rising crime.
9158	Viewers knew this.
9159	Vikki Harris, Marketing Lancashire Director of Marketing and Partnerships said “The finalists announced today have reached an important stage in their journey towards being named Lancashire’s best in class.
9160	Vincent Cassel is always up for a challenge.
9161	Viral video lands user a new car after her Stanley tumbler withstands firefoxbusiness.
9162	Virtualizing complexity unlocks unlimited potential to clean, manipulate and serve data for every use case, whether that’s cross-correlating information or just bringing it together as one single source of truth for an individual department.
9163	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Centessa Pharmaceuticals plc (
9164	Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Gold Fields Limited (
9165	Visit the blue water and you will not be disappointed.
9166	Vitamin D – Spending time in the sun helps our bodies to produce vitamin D, which is essential for strong bones and a healthy immune system.
9167	Vivo V29 Pro nighttime camera samples.
9168	Volunteer DJs can also join us on this endurance journey”.
9169	Volunteering your time is a great way to make a direct impact in your community, and can range from helping out the increasing growing population of the homeless community” said Angela K. Chambers, VP NAACP Tulsa, as her opening remarks.
9170	Voters on the Move Registration Act (included in Freedom to Vote Act): This provides voters with information on how to register to vote and their voting rights under law as they move residences.
9171	Vucic’s image was on billboards all over the country, though he had stepped down as SNS party leader.
9172	Wait, something doesn't feel right here – and why is this masked fox attacking her?
9173	Wait - the pictures show him.
9174	Wake up feeling stressed with everything that I need to have submitted to college as well as work.
9175	Wales suffered World Cup play-off despair last October, losing to a last-gasp Switzerland winner, before returning to action at February’s Pinatar Cup.
9176	Walgreens has decided not to sell abortion drugs, ones it has never sold in the past, in other states.
9177	Wallace then re-confirmed that his priority is taking care of his son.
9178	Wanessa Moura, 29, claims the unusual perfume is the perfect tool for anyone looking to attract a man.
9179	Want to try to total up all the critters?
9180	Wantz retired the next two batters, only to allow a line drive by Kiemaier that found the right-field corner for a triple.
9181	WA Premier Mark McGowan said he backed the move, and that the establishment of a national register “has to happen”.
9182	'Warms our hearts': Cinnamon the goat, Felix the dog head to forever home in Johnston Co.
9183	WARM WELCOME: Paper Hearts owner Beth Quarles reads outside the shop.
9184	Warner brought a beer out with him and told Laterna that he’s a little crazy.
9185	WARNING: infected piss will cause the whites of your eyes to burst and bleed out.
9186	WASHINGTON (AP) -- The Supreme Court on Thursday issued a surprising 5-4 ruling in favor…
9187	Washington is among 16 players to have missed time for Northern Ireland during this qualifying campaign alone, with Stuart Dallas, Steven Davis and Corry Evans among those so far unable to contribute at all.
9188	Washington’s favorite accessory was her jade engagement ring.
9189	WASHINGTON — While the dust hasn’t fully settled on the midterm elections, at least one Minnesota lawmakers is already preparing for the next one.
9190	Wasn’t this guy the hall of famer who was supposed to replace K.Mack in Chicago?
9191	Watch a video clip of Kisé by Lous and the Yakuza.
9192	Watch this review to know more.
9193	Water beads are tiny balls made out of extremely absorbent polymer material.
9194	“Water full my eyes, but I will be alright.
9195	“We accept violations of convention because it is all right for us – that is, professional people are less conventional, more sophisticated.”
9196	We actually had air temp lows in upper 30’s then!
9197	We actually have a multidisciplinary team of nurses, doctors, social workers, spiritual counselors, volunteers.”
9198	We all agree that we cannot claim ignorance of the fact that the industry is paying huge claims out there even though activities of few among the operators is jeopardising the efforts of the majority.
9199	We all have sinned and fall short.
9200	“We all have the right to go about our lives without being surveilled and monitored, but this weekend, anyone in the vicinity of the King’s coronation is at risk of having their face scanned by this oppressive technology.
9201	We all have VC funding, but we all still maintain academic integrity.
9202	"We all kind of just looked at each other and at the same time we kind of agreed, 'we got to rebuild the house,'" Ashley Lamb, a school board member, said.
9203	We all realize that the season and we all (want to win) so bad.
9204	We also believe that ProFrac can do it more efficiently and more effectively for our customers, providing them with the cost savings and thus a profit enhancement by capturing as much of that value chain as possible.
9205	We also have exceptional financial capacity to be able to add to that if we see opportunities that make us better and that are accretive.
9206	“We also pray for the quick recovery of the injured citizens and the security agencies that bravely worked to secure the affected villages.
9207	"We also remember the many people who came to the rescue of the ailing vessel - the RAF aircraft, merchant ships, and of course the local lifeboat crews."
9208	“We also want to know who were incompetent, negligent and grossly negligent in their duties and responsibilities because they should be held liable and accountable.
9209	Wealthcare Advisory Partners LLC now owns 7,456 shares of the specialty retailer’s stock worth $666,000 after acquiring an additional 117 shares during the last quarter.
9210	Wealthier people and nations might be able to build fireproof houses and walls to fend off rising oceans.
9211	WealthPLAN Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Intuit in the first quarter valued at approximately $34,000.
9212	“We always do our best every year.
9213	We apologise to the family of Daniel Morgan and to the panel.”
9214	We are able to create good content, find good speakers, find good people who could share real stories, real content.
9215	‘We are absolutely heartbroken to lose Wendy in such tragic circumstances and are still struggling to come to terms with it.
9216	“We are acting now before it’s too late,” he said.
9217	We are also calling for an increased police presence in certain high crime neighbourhoods.
9218	“We are also providing support for existing town centre businesses looking to diversify, modernise and develop local supply chain networks.
9219	“We are always looking to arrive in more places, to more people,” he told reporters on the sidelines of the launch of its SM Megamall store.
9220	We are aware of an outage affecting Labrador interconnected customers currently.
9221	We are “cash only” so make sure to remember to bring some with you.
9222	"We are confident the additional journeys, which connect Hawick residents with other bus routes, will provides Hawick residents with improved transport links for work and leisure.
9223	“We are delighted that our dedication to providing children and young people with a global approach to education has been recognised in this way.”
9224	We are fighting together in this battle.
9225	We are going on two years now, and I would say that it works like 95 percent of the time,” she said.
9226	“We are grateful that there are no reported injuries,” the Compton Unified School District said on in a statement, “and for our school and district community who have already come together to start planning for instruction to resume.”
9227	"We are independent and we work with people who are referred to us and genuinely need help, so we welcome the donations to help them," she said.
9228	"We are just as unhappy as the fans at the moment as we don’t want to be involved in this run we are on.
9229	“We are looking forward to identifying the best digital innovators from the DCO’s Member States and worldwide that benefit humankind.”
9230	We are not accountable for any gambling-related losses.
9231	We are not saying those are good or bad, we’re just saying we have to take those as given: What are people actually paying?
9232	We are not suggesting that Yale, Harvard, NYU, and Stanford aren’t among the most elite, prestigious, awesome, exceptional, etc. law schools.
9233	We are projecting it to be light again in 2023.
9234	We are proud to be able to report that on 255 re-lettings and renewals, an average rental uplift of 5.4% was achieved.
9235	We are proud to introduce this signature cocktail with Distillery & Co, which pays homage to our rich heritage and captures the essence of Fijian craftsmanship and culture,” said Lachlan Walker, Area General Manager, IHG South Pacific.
9236	“We are sad to learn the Blue House Teaching Studio will be closing.
9237	We are seeing one of the all-time greats in Tom Brady finishing out an historic career.
9238	We are seeing some easing in inflation as expected as we've gone through the year.
9239	“We are so fortunate to have a large veteran population in Lakeland and Polk County,” he said.
9240	"We are starting to attract better players but we need to continue to build and cannot take our eye off the ball.
9241	We are still being patronised,” she argued.
9242	“We are still continuing to see all these follow-on effects from COVID, and it doesn’t appear to be easing up any time soon.
9243	“We are surprised to hear that they have an internal problem and that they want to sell the trucks and they want to stop the business of the cleaning, why and how?”
9244	"We are taking similar measures in respect of Wilko's an its staff.
9245	“We are talking trillions, we are talking very large numbers, we are talking thousands of names, we are talking about all political parties.”
9246	We are targeting total company adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of service fee revenue to range between 8% to 10% in 2023.
9247	“We are the United States of America.
9248	“We are thrilled to bring this Broadway hit and the inspiring story of Emilio and Gloria Estefan to the Lutcher Theater,” said Lynae Sanford, executive director of the Lutcher Theater.
9249	“We are thrilled to celebrate this significant milestone,” said Sean Murphy, co-president of Coastal Construction Group.
9250	'We are working closely with key stakeholders, including the Rural Fire Service (RFS) and Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) to ensure the highest safety standards are implemented.'
9251	“We are worried about the effect that such ill-thought actions will have on the morale of anti-corruption agencies in the country.
9252	Wears well under makeup too."
9253	We ask that even greater ones be invested now.
9254	We attended his speech and an advance rough cut of the third movie, both at the Conscious Life Expo in Los Angeles.
9255	Weaver agreed with McFadden that the dog parade on Sunday had been well received.
9256	“We believed that what was really important was providing timely information in a way that allowed best decisions to be made by the public and by decision makers,” he said.
9257	We believed then, as we do now, that the facts and law relied upon by the State of Alaska make a powerfully persuasive case for forcing EPA to withdraw the Pebble veto now that it is deemed final.
9258	We believe passionately in supporting the visual arts, from the grass roots - and they don't get much more grass roots than school leavers - to internationally renowned artists.
9259	“We believe players are the best audience in the world to serve.
9260	“We believe strongly that we won that election given the statistics we have, given the result we have, we are not expecting anything less than the declaration of Peter Obi as the president of the Federal Republic of Nigeria.
9261	We believe that charging people to park in our parks car parks will undermine this and is disproportionate for the money it will bring in, and that is why we are putting the wheels in motion to reverse this measure.”
9262	We believe that our somewhat idiosyncratic structure of a listed fund owning a diversified alternative asset management platform has helped us create an alpha-driven ecosystem of ideas, expertise, insights and connections.
9263	"We believe there are people who know what happened or have suspicions.
9264	We believe this clearly opens up the potential for yesterday’s hike being the last.
9265	We call upon those who share our vision for the official recognition of Ancestor’s Day to sign a petition on www.castlemilkstout.co.za.” says Khwezi Vika: Marketing Manager, Castle Milk Stout.
9266	“We came back to see if we could break our elapsed time and mile-per-hour record.”
9267	We can also see a drastic decline in number of organisations declaring resolutions in support of certain candidates, for which the media also played a role by not entertaining such content.
9268	We can be grateful for this positive aspect of African culture, even while recognizing the profound social problems that continue to prevail across much of Africa.
9269	“We can enter a new American Golden Age, but we must choose a leader who can bring us there.
9270	We cannot provide any further information at this time."
9271	We can now read that as a protective gesture towards 18-year-old Max Jorgensen, who only finished high school last year but shone for NSW, scoring a second-half try in a performance that will all but guarantee him a Super Rugby debut in round one.
9272	We cherish the trips he took with us to Arkansas, Colorado, New York, Canada, and Gulf Shores – the latter of which is where he confirmed our suspicions of his utter disdain for the concept of shorts.
9273	We come back and the girls are exchanging blows in the center of the ring.
9274	“We consider ourselves a crucial part of the supply chain for customers in the world’s most critical sectors,” said Waits.
9275	We consistently see border security as one of the top concerns on the minds of not just conservatives but Americans who see it affecting their communities all across this country.
9276	We continue to invest our capital strategically in new product innovation, selective bolt-on acquisitions, and share repurchases.
9277	We could use a few more global supply chain standards as harsh and exacting as France’s electromagnetic radiation demands.
9278	“We did a five-star holiday cottage first of all, which was one of our flooring clients,” said Jo.
9279	“We did some good things but we definitely need to be better.”
9280	“We discussed a mechanism to deter this displacement in a well-thought manner,” he added, stressing the necessity of border control and coordination with the competent authorities in Syria.
9281	“We’d love to have the same thing here with rugby.
9282	Wednesday’s saw the two rivals, who fought to a 30-minute time limit draw on last week’s show, be entered as the first team in the tournament to each man’s dismay.
9283	Wednesday they won the 3rd in Miami.
9284	We don't give chickenpox vaccinations because the benefit in terms of hospitalisations doesn't justify the cost."
9285	We don't have any excuses, Old Bar played better, but we'll improve.'
9286	“We don’t have the press that the athletes, the artists, the social media influencers do because we are unrecognized in society.”
9287	“We don’t play well enough to get a favourable result,” Keefe said.
9288	We don’t think big picture and that’s what we want to change.”
9289	We don’t want scenes like this in any city in Europe.
9290	We don’t want to wait we want to band them now,” she said.
9291	“We do Ofcom training for everyone,” he says.
9292	We do personal taxes, and we do small business taxes as well.”
9293	We drive around the Hood, we don’t drive through it.
9294	We'd urge young people to really think about the consequences of what they're doing and for their parents and guardians to have a conversation with them about why this type of activity is so dangerous,” the PSNI warned.
9295	We echo our friends in Canada – there must be a thorough explanation of how this appalling incident was allowed to happen, and ensure that steps are taken so that it never happens again.”
9296	We ended our state of emergency from the pandemic over two years ago.
9297	We expect adjusted EBITDA to increase as we progress throughout the year.
9298	We faced a big challenge in the first years of austerity, but this is much bigger than that.
9299	We feel they are pragmatic proposals and I invite members of the public who are affected to engage with the consultation.
9300	“We felt devastated, some leaders cried.
9301	We followed what the state and county required us to follow,” he said.
9302	“… We getting bigger and bigger man.
9303	We got a pass it in the House, in the Senate.
9304	"We had a few hundred volunteers within days, and now have between 1,000 and 1,500, some working full time and some a few hours a week," said Daniel Shek, a former Israeli ambassador to France.
9305	We had a terrific quarter at Mercer, a particularly strong growth in both Career and our Benefits business, but also a rebound in investments.
9306	We had our hands full in that first month, so we were running on adrenaline and work that just needed to be done.
9307	We had planned yesterday also and even today we played over by over."
9308	“We had some really good games and we really had to fight for it.”
9309	We had the same disappointing patches against the Stormers and Sharks and we need to control those moments better.”
9310	We had to correct our spelling for Ellen DeGeneres a few times because “annoying” kept appearing in place of her name.
9311	We have a deep relationship.
9312	We have a generation raised on violent computer games who seem to think stabbing each other is acceptable behaviour.
9313	“We have a lot of data, and we’re beginning to standardize it, which will open up new opportunities.
9314	“We have (also seen) a lot of people with pets on their lap, eating a hamburger, grabbing a coffee, using their GPS on a handheld device,” Bergman said.
9315	We have always advocated for our kidsâ€™ rights to privacy so sharing this publicly is against anything I stand for.
9316	“We have always spent a significant amount of money on improving the property, and we will continue to do so.
9317	"We have an enormous uptake in our sessions, sometimes reaching over 100 people each week.
9318	“We have an independent adviser, that’s what the Government has, it’s not me who is doing it.
9319	"We have a tight labour force market," Leininger with Cisco said.
9320	We have come a long way in establishing gender equality today.
9321	“We have done this in stages: aligning to the ACORD Standard; creating a Core Data Record; creating a standardised contract (MRC v3) and latterly our process, roles, and responsibilities review,” said Cameron.
9322	We have few sidewalks, and no legitimate public transportation, and our blue dot in a sea of red was recently gerrymandered beyond recognition.
9323	“We have got to be ready, willing and able to facilitate that (players leaving) and make sure that we replenish that with something that is going to take us further.”
9324	“We have grave concerns about your government’s inaction on Noelle’s disappearance and death and we call on you, your ministers, law enforcement and other agencies to take immediate action to bring meaningful closure,” reads the letter.
9325	“We have lost close friends and colleagues, and our thoughts and prayers are with the families and friends of all who have been impacted,” the company said.
9326	"We have met many new friends over our first five years and it’s an ongoing privilege to support and show our appreciation to the veterans for their service.
9327	“We have more tough games to play but we cannot deny how important it is.”
9328	We have no analyses or vision, only sums to be collected in the form of taxes.
9329	We have no other way out, because the longer we endure it, the longer we live,” she said.
9330	“We have no performance basketball business now.”
9331	We haven't been focused on trying to sell the full suite, because it hasn't been available yet.
9332	We haven't seen the best pitching the last two weeks and I knew coming in here this was going to be a battle because the Gimbel kid is a competitor and he's a good pitcher.
9333	We have our next game in front of us, and that’s the only one that matters,'” O’Hara said.
9334	We have really taken hold of the climate system, and we are very rapidly leaving that envelope of climate variability in which human civilization evolved.
9335	We have seen a little destocking just in the dry goods where people actually, particularly, if I think about starches, acidulants, maybe some of the dry sweeteners that we have where you can store them.
9336	“We have seen no joined-up workforce plan for the health service to address training gaps and recruitment and retention barriers.
9337	We have similar attitudes about life, family, friends, and others.
9338	We have slightly less than Shs2 billion to compensate over 7,000 claimants because we did not collect enough money during Covid-19,” said Mugarra.
9339	We have some very good talent here and I am excited, but we have to be smart about it.”
9340	“We have sought to settle this dispute at every opportunity, including agreeing to a joint review of sector finances, but we are faced with employers that want to see staff and students suffer.
9341	We have successfully intersected gold-bearing mineralized structures in every drillhole, locally returning significant grades.
9342	We have talented players in camp but we can only select 21. It won’t be all doom and gloom for those who are not in the final squad as their names will go into the database and they will be up for future selections.”
9343	We have to say: that seeing all of these positive Warrior Diet results can be really motivating.
9344	We have to turn up every week.
9345	We have to work as a team with togetherness and everybody individually has to take responsibility.
9346	We have watched as one large wildfire after another has swept through tens of thousands of acres where commercial thinning had previously occurred due to extreme fire weather driven by climate change.
9347	We hope to keep you informed for many years to come.
9348	Weighing approximately 2,232 kg, this satellite enhances NavIC by incorporating L1 and L5 band signals.
9349	“We in Izmir believe in the secular education system where teachers — not imams — provide education and values to the students.
9350	We investigate adult dating sites, we disect all of them immediately after which we report back with this results.
9351	Weissmann arrives in a rush, sporting a Fitbit and a hiking backpack — she’s on a three-day work trip to Utah, but the realreason she comes to the state is for the mountains.
9352	We join him in the back of a car as he drives us along the valley 40 years ago, with Wagner blasting as it was at the time.
9353	‘We just celebrated 20 years since we got in Girls Aloud a couple of months ago, and for that 20 year, I feel like I’ve done it all, five times.
9354	We know all the politicians we will hold responsible should anything go wrong in Nigeria.
9355	We know exactly what it feels like and we don’t want to be there again.
9356	“We know it’s not always as easy as it sounds to get people together at mealtime.
9357	We know that she didn’t get indicted.
9358	"We know that the tragedy did not stop with the generation of humans taken from here.
9359	Welcome to 1802 all over again.
9360	We let the lead slip away in the seventh.
9361	“We’ll be handing over the keys for many of these homes later this year.
9362	Well, bots usually send overwhelming requests towards the destination server, causing the hosts to be suspicious.
9363	We’ll first start with Annie Linskey of the Wall Street Journal.
9364	We'll go now to Sharon Zackfia with William Blair.
9365	“Well, good luck,” he said of finding jurors open to weighing both.
9366	Wellington Management Group LLP now owns 39,827,389 shares of the company’s stock worth $1,405,110,000 after acquiring an additional 9,685,210 shares in the last quarter.
9367	Wellington's smart enabled buildings were the first outside London to achieve a NABERS Designed Reviewed Target Rating of Five Stars or above, an exemplar system for rating the energy efficiency of buildings during the construction phase and when in use.
9368	Well, it was not to be.
9369	Well, I will act like a PUP.
9370	We’ll let you know.”
9371	Well over a third of Native Hawaiians in the state work in jobs connected to tourism.
9372	“We’ll see,” Crossman said Thursday.
9373	We’ll see what Golden has left in the tank at this point in his career coming off a down year in Arizona in 2022.
9374	Wells Fargo & Company lowered their price objective on shares of HealthEquity from $101.00 to $89.00 and set an “overweight” rating on the stock in a research note on Friday, February 3rd.
9375	Wells Fargo & Company lowered their price target on shares of Centene from $79.00 to $71.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a report on Tuesday, March 21st.
9376	Wells Fargo & Company MN now owns 5,150,534 shares of the exchange traded fund’s stock valued at $1,103,450,000 after buying an additional 608,288 shares during the period.
9377	Well, she wasn't his wife to begin with.
9378	We’ll sit around for an hour after sparring just talking with each other and talking about different techniques and things that worked for us,” said Braun.
9379	Wells started with a patch of bad luck – his A train was scheduled to leave at 1 a.m., but was running more than 10 minutes late.
9380	Well that's never gonna happen since war profits sort of depend on the public being misinformed.
9381	“Well there are 18 seniors, and we have seen them progress so much since then,” Wiggins said.
9382	“Well, there was a lot in there,” Tarlov said, understating the case as Hannity’s prompt mentioned at least five different complaints.
9383	Well, we fully expect the therapeutic index to be wider with the new selective inhibitors or by definition, if they're – if it's not wider, if they're having wild-type RAS effects, then they're not mutant selective.
9384	Well, while Tumbleweeds are a fact of life here on the Dust Coast, it certainly seems like this past year has been one of the worst for these prickly buggers.
9385	Well, yes, the bulk of it is B&I and it could be 80% of that that balance.
9386	“We look forward to building on our vision to create a world class Bank in India with the support of existing and new shareholders.”
9387	We love to brag on out big businesses, but it’s these small towns that keep people coming to South Carolina.”
9388	We made it possible to purchase multiple services in one transaction.
9389	We map the case-by-case results below.
9390	We meet Mrs. Wong (Stephanie Hsu), a woman in a fancy yellow gown, just as her application for a penthouse apartment gets rejected.
9391	We met owner Aldo Esposito and his older brother Franco, the main cook along with his partner Rosa Verrino.
9392	“We needed that bit of luck that we haven’t had all season, hopefully going into the last 13 games we’ll get that because it’s been tough for us.
9393	We need mass, non-violent, multi-racial protests across the country that disrupt business-as-usual.
9394	We need revenue to deliver all the democratic dividends we have in mind for the good people of AMAC.
9395	We need to collaborate, we need to learn from each other,” said Francy.
9396	"We need to look at what we did wrong," said Omid Nouripour, Greens co-chief, saying this was also a reflection on the party's performance at national level.
9397	“We need to provide as a stable and welcoming policy environment for investment as we can, and this capacity investment scheme is really a powerful way of doing that.”
9398	We now have evidence of a time horizon with sedimentation encountered just above the MT conductor, at a depth of 370m.
9399	We now have Nyck de Vries and there's really nothing more to discuss.”
9400	We now know that isn’t the case, but observationally, that’s how it seems.
9401	We now see increasing numbers of nontraditional family structures and an increasing emphasis on economic solutions that rely on government intervention to undermine traditional values.
9402	We now see numerous examples, like when reports emerged about a threat group (named Storm-0558 by Microsoft) accessing email accounts from multiple organizations, including U.S. government agencies.
9403	“We played against him last year and he’s a very capable goalie.
9404	We probably have a five-year dream to get back into the Championship.”
9405	“We really wanted to sort of highlight infrastructure and with our partners at the time, it was really about getting the government’s commitment and dedication to committing funds to road repair in the province of Ontario.”
9406	"We’re also taking further regulatory action which we’ll report on when we’re legally able to do so.”
9407	“We’re always open to signing up new volunteers.
9408	We’re a province being slowly (but rapidly increasingly) deprived of social assistance and support, all as a way to imply which residents are desirable to those in power.
9409	“We received higher than average long-term rainfall across London and the Thames Valley in seven of the last nine months,” continued a spokesperson.
9410	We received significant national interest in this asset, achieving a figure in excess of the asking price, further demonstrating the appetite for reversionary opportunities of this nature in the North East.”
9411	“We’re coming home and the mentality sometimes heightens a little bit for players and staff when you’re playing the champs,” Olsen said.
9412	We're committed to identifying those responsible and taking further action."
9413	We’re disappointed that Twitter has chosen to restrict writers’ ability to share their work.
9414	We're doing our best to support them and address the problem as quickly as possible.
9415	We're gonna have the hap-hap-happiest Christmas as The Op has announced Monopoly; National Lampoon’s Christmas Vacation Edition.
9416	We're gonna look after you.'
9417	We're helping you stay safe in the sun for less.
9418	We're looking at them now like, 'Whoa!
9419	“We’re looking forward to seeing what the future brings.”
9420	"We remained ready and on February 8 and 9 we organized protests in front of the military barracks in Kolašin!
9421	We’re not going to change the culture through the courts.
9422	We’re not going to revert to that.
9423	"We’re now looking at what the next major project will be, we’ve not decided yet, but we’ll be looking for another area of the park to continue the improvements.”
9424	We’re offering up all of the hottest happenings that traders need to know about on Friday!
9425	We're pleased with the integration progress and the early discussions we're having with customers about our expanded offerings, reinforcing our views on the complementary and scalable nature of the acquisition.
9426	We’re scared of causing too much disruption or really rocking the boat.
9427	We're showing that fuel prices are up and that the spreads between contract rates are expanding.
9428	“We responded brilliantly to going down.
9429	We're still awaiting an update on the victim's condition.
9430	“We're talking about the Seventh Amendment and the right to a jury trial, and that—that is an important and ancient right, too," Justice Neil Gorsuch said Wednesday during oral arguments in Securities and Exchange Commission v. Jarkesy.
9431	Were there certain emotions I wasn’t allowed to express to/with my parents?
9432	"We're trying to give people a place to stay overnight with food and medical support so they can just have a place to lay their heads, because they've lost everything," said John Brown, a Red Cross official for Alabama and Mississippi.
9433	We're very dynamic, and we'll grow and we see the ability to invest in our business and the market supports it.
9434	We’re very grateful to have been a part of this project.”
9435	We sang the hymns and said the prayers.
9436	We saw a lot of solo travelers, so…
9437	We see it as a preparation for the European Championship.
9438	We seek founders who are truly passionate and empathetic about the problem they’re solving and the customers they’re serving.
9439	"We shall be working hard to find a replacement and have a number of interesting leads that we are pursuing."
9440	We should reconcile ourselves to this reality.
9441	West Ham missed the tenacity of Edson Alvarez and work ethic of Lucas Paqueta, both suspended, while Zouma’s absence from defence was keenly felt when it came to managing the second period.
9442	Westminster and technology are not always a happy mix and while politics moves pretty fast these days, compared to developments in Silicon Valley, it's a snail versus an F1 car.
9443	West Ryde mother Mellissa Santoro, 36, says “pretty much everybody” she knows is having kids in their mid-30s or later.
9444	West Suffolk Business Festival Skills and Jobs fair.
9445	"We studied these authors a lot in school.
9446	We take a look at the Indian physicist’s illustrious legacy and stellar achievements.
9447	We talked about that and what would the crisis be - is it a global one or galaxy-wide?
9448	We think we have a good plan.
9449	“We understand,” said Fred Bates, president of the firefighters union.
9450	"We understand the school has a budget but it's disabled kids and kids with additional needs so the toys and equipment don't always last!"
9451	"We urge anyone with acreage to do a check for and trees that may have been struck by lightning and to call triple zero if they need assistance."
9452	“We’ve been huge fans of theirs for so long and we can’t wait to hit the road with them and share such a special tour together.”
9453	"We've been very good at sharing responsibilities, engagements, public speaking engagements," he said.
9454	“We’ve got a lot of guys that have some special arms that I think are going to help us,” Venters said.
9455	"We've got sponsors on board for multiple years."
9456	We’ve had people walk past and offered mum £2 million for her home."
9457	“We’ve had some customers sharing their feedback about prices at our retail stores over the past few months, and we’re eager to clarify the reasons behind our pricing,” Angela Martin, acting chief executive of Lifeline North Coast, told News Of The Area.
9458	We've had some tech and patents but we're now investing much more deeply in technology and that's a big differentiator to the past.
9459	"We've just inherited a $188.5 billion debt from the former Liberal National government, so it's going to take us a while to fix that.
9460	We’ve just removed a live worm from this patient’s brain,'” Senanayake told Australian Broadcasting Corp.
9461	“We’ve only been here a week and they’ve been saying how much they love us, how much we fit in and how clean the toilets are.
9462	We’ve put so much effort into making this a place people want to live, but I don’t know if we’re providing the options for that.”
9463	We’ve seen a massive increase on attacks against various minorities.
9464	“We’ve seen up to 14% higher student retention overall on partner campuses where the Catalyze program is being utilized,” she said.
9465	We visit dozens of restaurants, cafes and takeaways each year in Sheffield, but which are our favourites?
9466	We walked around the exterior of the house.
9467	We want people to demand for the HIV service to know about their status and if they are HIV positive, we want to see people demanding for treatment services and that is why our fliers carry our centre numbers.
9468	“We want to make sure all holiday travelers, tow truck drivers and first responders make it home safely this Thanksgiving,” said Brian Ortner, spokesman, AAA – The Auto Club Group.
9469	We want to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
9470	We were also unable to reach the chief petitioner.
9471	We were counseled there could be financial risk with taking over the store because of that.”
9472	“We were in a church with 50 to 60 widows, just in a small area – widows from this war,” he said.
9473	We were met by Rufus Carter, the very affable front-of-house man, who quickly seated us at a table beside the front window, which gave us a super view of the comings and goings in the street.
9474	We were steadily destroying their capacity to fight….
9475	'We were working with international models and it was really high calibre.
9476	We will be with you about in three months time for our Q1 results.
9477	We will deal with issues of engagements with our communities."
9478	“We will establish agricultural hubs and irrigation and water catchment systems to assist farmers throughout the nation.
9479	We will finish the wall, they said.
9480	We will have more to say to the public soon.”
9481	We will make economic value, that much I can say.
9482	We will not let corporate greed manipulate the transition to a green economy into a roll back of economic justice.”
9483	We will provide more details about these actions later in the quarter.
9484	We will stop the cartles.
9485	We won eight games in our club today.
9486	“We won’t go out and bring stuff in from far,” said Karpinski, who coordinates the market.
9487	We would also like to use this opportunity to reiterate our concerns about the Single Use Plastics tax.
9488	"We would like to have the analyses ready in the second half of this year, and then we will be able to see what the impacts are and whether or not it is justified to go ahead with this.
9489	“We would like to thank members of the public for their patience and understanding during this incident.
9490	Wexford, meanwhile, face the onerous task of back-to-back away trips, to Cork and Limerick, as Darragh Egan’s charges seek to lift themselves from this utterly deflating loss, for which they were without the likes of Lee Chin, Rory O’Connor and Liam Ryan.
9491	Weymouth Neighbourhood Policing Team (NPT) assisted Portland colleagues on Monday evening following complaints made about 'unacceptable behaviour' in Easton.
9492	WFHB welcomes Lee Hartman to Saturday’s Child on Saturday May 13, from 11am to noon.
9493	What about the Galaxy S24 series design and display?
9494	What are the charges in New York hush money case?
9495	What are the Government’s proposals for minimum service levels during strikes?
9496	What are the other less common symptoms of lung cancer?
9497	What are the tools that … I have as an individual?’
9498	What are your priorities there?
9499	"What a stupid trio you are.
9500	What awaited Williams was something akin to a trial by fire –one that the promising defender didn’t emerge from entirely unscathed.
9501	What better way to see out the year than in the company of Skerryvore, who bring their potent fusion of folk, trad, pop and rock to Edinburgh next Friday.
9502	What cars are in your garage today?
9503	What does London offer Joe in terms of getting a fresh start?
9504	What do you mean, "Ugh, a droid?"
9505	What do you see the family doing now or in the past that we can find hope in or kvell over?
9506	'What else are we supposed to call them if we aren't married, and too old to go with something juvenile like lover.
9507	What else bothered you about the budget?
9508	“What gentrification is doing to the city is raising rent costs … which are making it almost completely unattainable to be able to afford a market-rate apartment in Somerville.”
9509	What Government should do is to put a timeframe for its compensation package.
9510	What happens with Joel and Ellie in the finale?
9511	What has been lost in the local and international furore over these latest policy proposals, however, is the extent to which the Israeli far-right is borrowing from the American far-right in its crusade against LGBTQ identities.
9512	What helps is reducing government regulation of property.
9513	What I came to tell you about.
9514	What if ChatGPT-4 were not constrained by its rules and could answer any question those who are charged with protecting society could think of to ask?
9515	What if my doctor has told me to lose weight?
9516	What I personally found most impressive was how in the midst of strife, their workshops have managed to churn out some of the most remarkable and resonant collections season after season.
9517	What is going on lately?
9518	What is That … a Snake or a Salamander?
9519	What is the Genocide Convention?
9520	What Is The Iron Claw?
9521	What is the status of the court case?
9522	What I thought I knew of him from our single, long-ago exchange didn’t come through in the writing, where Beller is both self-reflective and sharply observant, heartfelt and magnanimous.
9523	“What it tells you is it’s here in B.C. For the moment it’s not the most important subvariant, but it’s just starting here.”
9524	What measures of political knowledge and civic literacy were used in the new research?
9525	What needs to be done is to bring thousands of empty homes back into circulation for social renting," he said.
9526	What nobody knew at the time was that the combination of Ford's revolutionary new SUV and the Firestone tires that it rode on would spark a huge corporate blame game.
9527	What's been great about Domino's Pizza is when you look at that category, we've been able to by far grow the biggest share amongst that.
9528	What’s happened within the force since 2021?
9529	What’s happening Chilliwack in our community section for various events taking place in and around Chilliwack.
9530	What she found was alarming.
9531	What she sees in Babel’s future isn’t pretty.
9532	What’s important to know is that the Kemptville prison opposition efforts have not diminished or waivered.
9533	What’s more is that using the futuristic Chiral Network, Sam is able to fabricate loads of equipment — from motorcycles and bridges to mailboxes and charging stations — almost instantaneously.
9534	What’s more, there’s little reason why LaSalle’s detractors can’t achieve their goals legislatively; after all, Democrats enjoy supermajorities in both legislative chambers.
9535	What's Next for Avatar?
9536	What's not consistent with the leading economic indicators are the valuations of stocks and future expectations for earnings.
9537	What’s said at the slumber party stays at the slumber party.
9538	What stands out to me in both cities is the quiet.
9539	What the analysis does usefully show is that a switch to renewable energy technologies has definitively led to reduced carbon emissions, and that there can be some competition between the energy sources in terms of investment prioritization.
9540	What the fans saw was more the same, as Ange Postecoglou's team was simply unbeatable.
9541	“What the Vatican would get for a hotel in that location is probably 500 euros a night,” said Cardinal Krajewski, the papal almoner.
9542	What was Fairbridge?
9543	What was the last great book you read?
9544	What we could, right now, I would say that from a capital perspective, our focus is on paying down debt.
9545	“What we have heard from a lot of people is we want more opportunity to engage with a two way engagement with the company and so what we have recommended is looking for additional opportunities to create that engagement.”
9546	What we've seen of him was what he chose to present himself as, as a way of protecting his true self and not risking any sort of discomfort with the other players.
9547	What we wear and what we cook and eat are under scanner now.
9548	What will a tight end-centric offense look like in terms of Wallers’ pre-snap alignments?
9549	"What would make you see that?"
9550	When a fan in the comments asked when she will allow her children use the internet, Mendes candidly confessed that she’s still figuring that out.
9551	When and where did Mary write the letters?
9552	When April ended, the Sox had an 8-21 record.
9553	When asked by The Post if he wanted to set the record straight about his seed-y behavior included in the original HONY post, Rinaldi admitted that he was caught off guard when doing that two-hour interview with the iconic site about New Yorkers.
9554	When asked how Williamson handled the setback emotionally, Griffin said, “it’s fair to say not terribly well because he was really diligent in his rehab.”
9555	When Bella Hadid Broke The Internet & Covered Her N*pples With Just A ‘Star & Love’ Br*lette Flaunting Her Washboard Abs Looking Hypnotising As.
9556	When Benjamin Button () is born with the appearance of an old man, he is promptly abandoned at a nursing home.
9557	When breast cancer cells producing α-lactalbuminm start to appear, immune cells destroy the cells before they grow into a mature tumor.
9558	When Buffaloes cornerbacks coach Demetrice Martin left Colorado for Oregon, Gonzalez transferred there to continue working with his mentor.
9559	When Claire is talking to V overlooking Night City after the third qualifying race, make sure to tell her 'My priority's winning'.
9560	When "Empire" was filming, the weather was "awful," according to the book "The Making of Star Wars: The Empire Strikes Back (Enhanced Edition)" by J.W. Rinzler.
9561	When federal judge Brantley Starr ordered Southwest Airlines to reinstate former flight attendant Charlene Carter, he wryly noted in his ruling that "bags fly free with Southwest.
9562	When Florence's Training School of Nursing reopened here in 1900, there were 11 specialised outpatient departments in addition to in-patient care.
9563	When Friends reached its final episode three years later, the cast, crew and audience were in tears.
9564	When he arrived he continued to shout at her and their one-year-old baby was in the house at the time.
9565	When he came to, connected to tubes and pipes and unable to speak, he scratched out a message he thought might alleviate the strain on the concerned faces of the loved ones surrounding him: “Please put beer into one of the tubes.”
9566	When he had no job, Wumi was taking care of the finances of the home without complaining yet this guy was having extra marital affairs and he gave her a mental torture.
9567	When he lands, he's found by Johnathan and Martha Kent (, respectively), who gives him a new home and teach him to hide his extraordinary powers and abilities.
9568	When he signed the bill into law, President Nixon said the law would preserve an “irreplaceable part of our national heritage – threatened wildlife.”
9569	When I am getting those roles, fame, love, money and mass following, why would I wait for films?
9570	When I asked what makes Surtain so special, Bailey insisted the 23-year-old cornerback is more advanced than one of the greatest defensive backs in NFL history was at the same point in his brilliant career.
9571	When I can’t anymore, then I will quit.
9572	When I feel like a little milk coffee, I like ONA’s Gateway blend.
9573	"When I finally sat down to work on the book, I realized the draft was *much* rougher than I remembered.
9574	When I grew up there were no lotteries across America.
9575	When I heard the script, absolutely crisp and taut, I had a clear vision of every scene.
9576	When I look back at how I started Starling, I never thought we would get to this stage.
9577	When I read it my heart skipped a beat.
9578	When I say she loved, she loved hard and deep.
9579	When is European Under-21 Championship final?
9580	When is the Sidemen football match?
9581	When it comes to draft order considerations, it’s better for the Colts to win this one.
9582	When it comes to gross home product, the multiplier impact causes adjustments in whole output to be better than the change in spending that prompted it.
9583	When it does, it adds a haunting quality to the film.
9584	When it finally came out in May of this year, it became an immediate smash, and remained among the highest-grossing films in theaters all throughout the summer.
9585	When I think about the cadence of shipments last year, IGT peaked in 2Q and then I know that's lower ASP came down in the second half and then we saw much stronger aerospace, which is the higher ASP.
9586	When I think of that fire today, I think about how people reacted, how they helped each other, how people worked together.
9587	When it’s mating season, she may leave, who knows.”
9588	When it was difficult for us, you extended your hand to us and continue to do now.
9589	When I want to run away, I row off in my boat.
9590	"When I was going through the mill, SOBS gave me the strength I needed to try to move forward.
9591	When looking for last-minute rooms for big games, consider checking the entire Greater Baton Rouge Area, including Port Allen, Baker and Prairieville.
9592	When Marion stops off to rest at the Bates Motel, she meets the seemingly charming Norman (Anthony Perkins) who takes a liking to her.
9593	When minimum wages no longer meet the wages required to afford rental prices, we must ask, what is their purpose?
9594	When my turn arrived, I forgot about the others, succumbing to the thrill of being onstage, the pleasure of reading such beautiful lines.
9595	When new shares are issued, the shareholder shall be required to place the shares' issue value at the Company's disposal as set out in the General Meeting's resolution on the issue of shares.
9596	When nursing students reach their third and fourth years in the program, they begin hospital clinical rotations where they work in hospitals around Fort Worth and follow a clinical instructor to gain real hands-on experience with patients.
9597	When Patterson subsequently nailed the 48-yard kick to make it 27-20, the roar was even louder.
9598	When pulled aside by Caption Jason, Margot confessed to drinking, and she had “little sips of wine here and there” before.
9599	When ready, I reviewed laws with the Town Board and incorporated their input when appropriate.
9600	When renovating this space, really think about how it is used.
9601	When Sallie did the Angel number, she realized how much she enjoyed expressing her feminine side.
9602	When she released her album "Midnights" last year, the star excitedly took to social media to show her followers that if they bought four versions of the album on vinyl, then the back of the jackets will create a clock.
9603	When that magazine hit my desk, I knew it was trouble.
9604	When the deputy asked Beacham to identify himself upon Beacham’s exit from the store, he reportedly claimed his name was Brent Beacham.
9605	When the first Ikea store opened in 1985 in a suburb outside of Philadelphia, the Swedish furniture giant was growing fast in Europe but largely unfamiliar to U.S. shoppers.
9606	When the journalist repeat the call immediately, the phone was switched off, but True caller gave the name of the owner of the number as Mmesoma Maryann.
9607	When the Joy wears off, though, it's a different story.
9608	When the planning commission’s ordinance was first brought to council, several issues were raised.
9609	When these hunters are taken care of, a few more will come in through the door on the other end.
9610	When they added Brady Hearn and Nick Black in late 2019/early 2020, it was clear they had the ingredients they needed for a big rock band.
9611	When they reach the line, a navigator first goes over what they can pay toward their abortion.
9612	When triggered, Pendulum Summons let players Summon a Level 5 or higher Monster without tributes.
9613	When was the last time you stopped and took a second to think about who you are?
9614	When was the Loch Ness monster sighted in modern history?
9615	'When we made mistakes in the midfield and they're really fast with their counter-attacks and scored two goals from our own mistakes,' the defender told the club's official website.
9616	“When we moved out of our last building in Leominster in 2020, after 14 years, they sent a lorry along and physically helped us move.
9617	When we played them I felt straight away they were a strong team.
9618	''When we think about the role that corporate foundations can play, it boils down to three things,'' said Jennifer A. Taylor, a political science professor at James Madison University and a military spouse who studies philanthropy and veterans issues.
9619	"When we've been with other managers after games, they've said 'what a season for you in terms of the journey you've been on' and all the stuff that's been thrown at us," Cooper says.
9620	“When whistleblowers are marginalized, you are needed,” she wrote.
9621	“When words amplify distress and pain, I don’t know how you could feel anything but regret,” Ms Gay told the publication.
9622	“When you come after our kids, we fight back, because there’s nothing we won’t do to protect our children.
9623	When you give a young player a chance, that’s taking a risk.
9624	“When you grow up, son,″ Belafonte remembered his mother telling him, “never go to bed at night knowing that there was something you could have done during the day to strike a blow against injustice and you didn’t do it.
9625	When you have judges that turn away from the work of resolving disputes and following precedent, they’re just not doing anything that’s recognizably judging anymore,” Hayes said.
9626	When you look at lenacapavir in the U.S., just help us with maybe the expected kind of loss dynamics following the recent approval and just with consideration of the hurdles with regard to payer access.
9627	‘When you pray, go to your inner room, close the door, and pray to your Father in secret.
9628	“When you start to use data, AI and social determinants, you can start to break the barriers of equity and inclusion and access,” Mistry said.
9629	When you think about it, it’s a lot of fuss for a 39-year-old diva who has won one Super Bowl in 18 years.
9630	Where are the UFOs seen most?
9631	Where can you play McDonald’s Monopoly?
9632	Where D.Va shines most is with her underrated Defense Matrix.
9633	Where is Mega Millions played?
9634	Where is/ was her MOTHER?
9635	Where previously, there were disagreements between different shareholders and within the company, we can now be confident of having an experienced captain in Rowan and a competent shareholder representative in Jack.
9636	“Where the businesses did not file the outstanding returns or address other compliance issues after being given a reasonable opportunity to do so, Revenue rescinded their tax clearance,” he said.
9637	Where the club belongs.
9638	Where to buy Acxion diet pills?
9639	Whether a player is constantly fighting off zombies or not is dependent on their gameplay style.
9640	“Whether couples are reaffirming their commitment to each other on a milestone anniversary, or exchanging vows for the very first time, it’s an honor that Skydeck is able to play a role in couple’s love stories.”
9641	"Whether it be the young ones who go on the stage and sing or the young ones who we donate guitars and musical instruments to, their faces just light up and it means so much to me that I'm part of this."
9642	"Whether it is incomings where the opportunity is there.
9643	Whether it’s a sun-soaked spa day, or an evening sampling the hotel’s summer-inspired dishes, it’s time to make the most of the longer days.
9644	Whether translating a beloved book, reinventing an existing IP, or developing fully original stories, Burton’s rich visual imagination still has ample uncharted territory left to explore on the silver screen.
9645	Whether you have experienced a recent loss or lost a loved one long ago, I hope the love of Christ brings you much comfort and hope.
9646	Whether you're into big films at the theaters, small films at home, or everything everywhere all at once, what do you think will or should win this year's Golden Globes?
9647	Which essentially leads to breach fatigue, doesn’t it?
9648	Whichever the case, one thing's for sure, it would be unbelievably disappointing to have such a cliché twist in the final season.
9649	Which is why the Greens and the crossbenchers like Pocock should be congratulated for doing their job and pushing Labor to do more, but also knowing when to accept a deal.
9650	Which leaves the following layer of downside: what if a majority of individuals in a democracy overtly and intentionally got down to repress and persecute a minority?
9651	Which represents a slight change, given at the Masters it was the media García took aim at for supposedly exaggerating the LIV‑associated schism in his sport.
9652	Which rocket is stronger?’
9653	While 12 G20 nations managed to slash per capita coal emissions, others including India and China saw their's rise.
9654	While a low credit score might limit which credit card you can qualify for, luckily, there are a whole host of products catered to people in this situation.
9655	While being with the team since 2020, CB James Pierre has been on the downward trend this preseason.
9656	While commercial breaks are still part of the experience, YouTube also has some advantages over watching TV via digital TV.
9657	While creating his sculptures as a personal hobby, Woods found himself trying to make metal parts.
9658	While Democrats have seen down-ballot successes consistently post-Roe — as recently as last Tuesday’s elections — it’s clear young voters want more out of the Biden presidency.
9659	While diehard fans like myself were initially excited about the announcement, most of us couldn’t help but be disappointed that a few albums in the brothers’ discography were left off the setlist.
9660	While “Ehen in Philippsburg” was a biting depiction of a shallow middle class, Mr. Walser’s later books took a more sympathetic, psychological approach.
9661	While he might not have a ton of opportunity for touches in the regular season, that changes quickly if one of Harris or Warren were to go down.
9662	While he might not see the value for himself, as a reading role model, you can show him that reading has value for you.
9663	While he was born in Greece, at 18 months his family was forced to flee the country following the downfall of the Greek monarchy.
9664	While in battle, if a teammate does take enough damage to drop, they aren't dead then and there.
9665	While it amounts to a +25% stress total that can dissuade players, Sun Ring is a great add-on for Berserk Charm.
9666	While it stated that the bank details used initially had appeared on your tax return for each of the past 12 years, it also confirmed you had updated this information in October last year and so apologised for the length of time taken to resolve matters.
9667	While it was great to receive such a strong reception, there is clearly a need to continue encouraging conversations around mental health among tradies.
9668	While Jagger and Biden may be nearly equal in age, the power that they possess — over a crowd of rock fans versus the American public — has drastically different levels of impact.
9669	While many 4×4 vehicles are capable of getting up and around dunes, the additional power the new Raptor allows you to tap into makes every outing serious fun.
9670	While Markiplier may have gained his crown from the “Five Nights” franchise way back in the day, several Youtubers have contributed to the game’s success.
9671	While Medicaid Expansion is dead for another session, a bill that would extend Medicaid coverage for low-income postpartum mothers for a year remains alive for now.
9672	While no details of the resolution were given in open court, it is understood the proceedings were resolved to the plaintiff’s satisfaction.
9673	While no doubt police recruits are trained in the matter of when to use firearms, those lessons are clearly often forgotten in the heat of the moment.
9674	While no official decision has been announced by the company, the prospect of bankruptcy has renewed attention around Yellow's ongoing…
9675	While noting that pain medication dependence can contribute to anxiety, depression, and impaired cognitive function, the expert maintained that abrupt cessation can lead to withdrawal symptoms, including nausea, anxiety, insomnia, and muscle pain.
9676	While one part of the economy is in recession, other sectors are able to avoid the downturn.
9677	While our goal is to provide accurate and up-to-date financial content, we encourage readers to practice critical thinking and cross-reference information with their own sources—especially before making any financial decisions.
9678	While promoting his recently published memoir Spare on television, Harry described Camilla as a 'villain' and 'dangerous'
9679	While Rivian is losing money on every EV sold for now, that has also been the case at BYD, Tesla, and so on in the past.
9680	While Sarah always remembered her vow to thank Starnes, she never had.
9681	While Scout gets first shot at purchasing a majority of that land, any part of it not taken up by wetlands, roads or the rail spur serving Scout could be made available.
9682	While she lacks some of Ant-Man's impressive abilities, she does have him beat with wings and a blaster.
9683	While small business owners remain pessimistic overall, the NFIB’s latest survey shows their outlook is improving.
9684	While someone else said: 'That was so unfair for nella to say that about sam hes so lovely and his energy is so infectious he cant help the way he is he has ADHD she doesn't understand!'
9685	While speaking with him, officers grew suspicious he was in possession of drugs due to his association with known suppliers.
9686	While stating that production will start with a single shift, Canpolat said, “I think production will start in buildings without 50-60 percent major damage within a month.
9687	While still a humorous figure in the anime, Krillin is given noticeably more room to showcase his heartfelt persona and an important role as a supportive and loyal friend.
9688	While street kids were taken to safe homes, the junkies were charged for idle and disorderly conduct and whisked away to the penitentiary.
9689	While Sundowns continue to keep on winning and Bucs stumble here and there, Riveiro says he knows why his charges have been unable to keep their winning momentum.
9690	While talking about the cartoon picture, he stated, 'On the map.
9691	While that requirement seems to miss the whole point of dating, ultimately, it does not change all that much about the main pair's dynamic.
9692	While the 41-year-old is far from single now, she previously offered advice for those who have yet to find a match, shedding light on how she spent the romantic day while alone.
9693	While the All Blacks made just one injury-enforced change from their high-class defeat of world champions South Africa a fortnight ago, Jones gambled on seven new faces from the team that crashed to Argentina.
9694	While the assessment was intended to focus on Metro Vancouver residents, JFS’s geographical mandate, people from across the province participated.
9695	While the average range of a character's abilities varies, players can be versatile with a bit of practice.
9696	While the conviction of the 47 suspects on money laundering violations in US courts was successful, the trail of illicit fund transfers indicates legal and enforcement loopholes on the Kenyan side.
9697	While the demand may not be strong at the moment, it is not like we have zero demand.
9698	While the dominant hits of the past decade from HBO and Showtime have involved awful people getting progressively more awful revolved around a group of decent people actively working on bettering themselves.
9699	While the epic for the N64 is celebrating a major birthday this year, inspiring tribute mash-up videos social media celebrations title is quietly celebrating a major milestone of its own.
9700	While the Firm cited Rix’s alleged lackluster client originations and productivity, other senior leaders privately acknowledged its failure to adequately support Rix’s practice.
9701	While the franchise has taken some criticism over the years for its visual fidelity in its mainline RPG series, this artist has created a brief scene that looks as though it comes from a game that fans would very much want to get their hands on.
9702	While the FY 2022 operating margin might still look relatively narrow at high single digits, I like the trend of consistently improving profitability ratios across the board.
9703	While the layout was modified, the overall building footprint was “identical.”
9704	While the number of cases last year was not disclosed, Mayor Renato Gustilo said it was not as many.
9705	While the parasites have minimal impact on Coral Snake Florida Burmese pythons, they contribute to health issues and even fatalities in Coral Snake Florida native snakes that have not coevolved with them.
9706	While the people wait for aid from the government and insurers, Friedgen’s sentiment of “a waiting game” paints a bleak picture of the ongoing struggle for recovery.
9707	While the raw material and goods lying in the factory were gutted, cracks also appeared in the building due to the fire.
9708	While the reappointment of Gambo Aliyu, as DG NACA, takes effect from 26th June, 2023, for a final term of four (4) years, that of Bello Maigari, took effect from 26th February 2023 for a final term of four (4) years.
9709	While there have been calls to address the way companies such as Meta conduct business, a flat-out ban is being called for TikTok.
9710	While there, I experienced my first ocean sunrise, and it was worth the early morning alarm.
9711	While the revenue beat/miss range has been fairly tight between -0.13% and 2.35%, the EPS range has been wide and wild, primarily due to Amazon's Rivian Automotive, Inc. (.
9712	While there were certainly moments Pakistan were better, his response hides the true issue with this statement: they weren’t better when itwith moments of critical fielding errors and the capitulation of their batting.
9713	While the royals are yet to address the claims directly, the Mirror previously revealed they were eyeing up legal action after British broadcaster Piers Morgan decided to name them on his TalkTV show.
9714	While the runtime can feel unwieldy, is a worthwhile drama thanks to astounding production design and fantastic performances from the ensemble cast.
9715	While these applications grant you the opportunity to make good investments and promise attractive returns, it is imperative that you conduct thorough research and study diligently before making any investment decisions.
9716	While these issues have been reportedly fixed, I would wait and see before penciling in the incremental order flow (likely in FY23 vs. FY22, as previously anticipated).
9717	“While they may be each other’s competition in the coming months, neither one of them needs to worry about vying for voters with the third candidate still in this race for Sen. Bob Menendez’s seat – Menendez himself.”
9718	“While this current board has a lot of diversity across the political spectrum, I think we’ve generally put those national issues aside and focused on our students.
9719	While this won’t stop fraudulent scam calls, it will stop unwanted calls from legitimate businesses who are trying to sell her something.
9720	While using Soap2Day itself is not illegal, downloading copyrighted content without the appropriate permissions is against the law in many countries.
9721	While we're pleased with this accomplishment, our goal is to continue making the necessary improvements that would allow us to achieve Rule of 40 consistently on a quarterly and annual basis.
9722	“While we were satisfied the product contained recycled material, we weren’t satisfied with our supplier’s claim it was ocean-bound,” the retailer said.
9723	While whole collections can be great, some titles end up more popular than others.
9724	While Yom HaZikaron has been traditionally dedicated to "fallen soldiers", commemoration has also been extended to "civilian victims of terrorism".
9725	While your affinity with loyal friends will remain intact, you could find that certain associations may not appear to have any real purpose, especially if you haven’t linked up in a while.
9726	While Zack interacted with those Rangers in the comics, these moments never happened in the TV shows.
9727	"Whilst no injuries were reported at the time of the incident, we understand that this must have been a distressing experience for those involved and our team on site acted swiftly to support the passengers who were shaken.
9728	WHITEHAVEN Town Council has provided details of this Sunday's Remembrance Day parade.
9729	White House officials said Biden has been bolstered by signs the US economy is in a stronger position than China’s, and that the US was building stronger alliances throughout the Pacific.
9730	White-Nose Syndrome, which is harmless to human and pets, attacks bats while they are hibernating by attaching to their faces and giving the appearance of a white nose.
9731	White Sox at Diamondbacks, 2:10 p.m.
9732	White strolled into lectures barefoot and encouraged his often bemused technology students to heighten their awareness of the creative process by practising meditation and reading Zen Buddhist texts.
9733	Who else is especially vulnerable to a sudden smoke episode?
9734	Who Is In The Cast For 'Leo'?
9735	Who Is Making 'The End We Start From'?
9736	Who is Nicola Bulley’s partner?
9737	Whomever the Jets target, it should be relatively cheap.
9738	Who was last year’s champion?
9739	Who would not want it, all things being equal?
9740	Why buy products that don’t work and waste your precious hard-earned cash?
9741	Why didnt he challenge the commissioner on the findings of the COI.
9742	Why did you decide to make your TikTok content about POTS?
9743	Why give Musk what he wanted?
9744	Why has she gone?
9745	Why oil is back to $90 a barrelft.
9746	Why shouldn't men be able to put on makeup and have fun like women have?"
9747	Wi-Fi Boosters extend mobile coverage to areas where the modem signal is low.
9748	Wildlife officials also handed out laminated guides showing pictures of the green crab to all the participants.
9749	WILKO's High Street store in Worcester and Droitwich's store are to close for the final time this month it has been announced.
9750	Williams has now overseen the program’s top two highest AP Top 25 victories with last Saturday’s win over No. 2 Alabama and last year’s win over No. 4 Auburn at the SEC Tournament.
9751	Will it affect his draft stock, or were teams already convinced in the regular season?
9752	Will it be wedding bells for Shaq and Tanya?
9753	Will it or won't it?
9754	Will policymakers craft bold policies necessary to close the economic gaps for Black women and create a more inclusive democracy for us all?
9755	Will your most hated items be next?
9756	Wilson has rarely discussed his 2007 suicide attempt.
9757	Wimbledon POLL - Is lifting ban on Russian and Belarusians correct?
9758	Wind becoming southwest 20 km/h this afternoon.
9759	Windsor saw Canada's biggest tech job growth in recent report, as country manages 'war on talent'
9760	Winds strengthening, especially in southern and western coastal areas.
9761	Win for Luca was the request but Graham Potter’s outclassed team were unable to deliver as cruised into round four.
9762	“Winning a championship at the end of the Romero sisters’ time on the dance team is insane to me ….
9763	Winning seven states would be very impressive for Ms. Haley, just as it was for Mr. McCain.
9764	Winnipeg animal rescues are sounding the alarm on the number of dogs needing a home in the city as inflation and the rising cost of living force some pet owners to surrender their animals.
9765	Winnipeg Jets 2022 first round draft pick Brad Lambert scored a pair of third period goals for the Thunderbirds who will now enjoy home ice advantage for the next three games.
9766	Winslet earned her first Oscar nomination for playing the beloved Austin heroine Marianne Dashwood in 's 1995 adaptation of Sense and Sensibility.
9767	Wisconsin police say nobody will face charges for young nude girl participating with adults in 'Naked Bike Ride'
9768	“With 16 runners, you would expect the pace to be steady and with him, you would probably prefer to draw there than one or two.
9769	With 2 facilities, one on the island of Montreal and the other 50 kilometers to the East, Paragraph brings an excellent track record for quality, proven know-how and capabilities as well as strong customer relationships.
9770	With a four-way stretch for unrestricted movement, a high waistband, and a discreet pocket, they offer both functionality and comfort.
9771	With a limited budget I’m hoping we receive seed and plant donations … especially flowers,” Kaufman said.
9772	With all the dizzying fun and nerve-jangling suspense of the show, it’s the board game ‘revolution’ you’ve been waiting for!
9773	With a mix of hydrolyzed whey protein, smart amino acid ratios and cyclic dextrin with ginger extract to enhance the absorption rate, you get the most bang for your buck.
9774	With an enchanting atmosphere that holds viewers’ attention throughout Gawain’s magical odyssey, it’s easy to overlook ’s philosophical themes and pressing questions about life and death.
9775	‘With a new crew working at Good Burger, Dex devises a plan to get back on his feet but unfortunately puts the fate of Good Burger at risk once again.’
9776	With Arab Republic of Egypt in North Africa, it has been in the works for several years and has a chequered history.
9777	With bills soaring and millions of families struggling to make ends meet, retailers and restaurants have launched this summer to help keep children fed on a budget.
9778	With cement vertical, net debt to EBITDA is now under 2x.
9779	With Clarkson already providing instant offense off the bench, it remains to be seen how they will integrate both players effectively.
9780	With control over an organization boasting millions of downloads, we now possess the capability to manipulate existing models, potentially turning them into malicious entities.
9781	With DEI, people only mark boxes on the employment application.
9782	With each room featuring a picture window looking out onto Trout Lake—plus high-speed WiFi—you could be forgiven for choosing to ditch tomorrow’s itinerary and stay awhile.
9783	Witherway, where is such self confidence or arrogance coming from?
9784	With every rank unlocked, the player's journey through will be much easier with their new social links.
9785	With four different sizes available and a spectrum of decorative options, each cake becomes a personalized masterpiece.
9786	With Hansen CIS, backed up by the extensive market and industry expertise of the Hansen team, we knew that we had found the right partner.
9787	With her pop sensibility, expert backing dancers and singers, an ability to swap in and out of elaborate and risque costumes, and her mass appeal (including across the LGTBIQ community), Minogue’s talent on stage is well known.
9788	With his incredible powers, lovable personality and striking appearance, Gojo is usually the character that most people think of when it comes to modern anime.
9789	"Within minutes I was there but Mindy had already passed," said Mrs Foreman.
9790	With intense ground fighting across the narrow Gaza Strip and aid organisations warning of a humanitarian catastrophe, the US has warned that Israel risks losing international support because of "indiscriminate" air strikes killing Palestinian civilians.
9791	With investors contemplating the effects of a potential recession and financial system instability, there has been a strategic rotation back into the most enticing growth stocks to buy.
9792	With its inclusion on the list, Tesla is set to benefit from customers buying its EVs and getting a tax break for their purchases.
9793	With its unrivaled resolution, cinematic features, and compact design, the Nikon Z 8 is set to redefine visual storytelling.”
9794	With joy and not despair.
9795	With just Jake Fiegen returning, Fricke has guided the Trevians right back to where they were a year ago, only this season they’ve added a Central Suburban League South championship and a No. 1 sectional seed.
9796	With many players outgoing and multiple new faces coming to play alongside their core, it still should be noted that the team will face plenty of hurdles throughout the long season.
9797	With more than 17 years of experience as a journalist, I have spent much of my career covering fashion.
9798	With my coffee.
9799	With new defibrillators the squad was able to pass down older equipment to local community groups who may not have been able to afford one.
9800	With no sales tax, Delaware did not need to offer incentives to attract Cabela’s.
9801	Without a license, a customer service representative is unable to sell insurance or discuss any specific policy details with clients.
9802	Without this, our organisations are left with an elephant in the room when it comes to financial stress.
9803	“With server-side destruction and movement, almost everything in The Finals can be wrecked.
9804	With short-term US bonds yielding significantly more than long-term US bond yields, many bond investors understandably see the short-end of the curve as the better bet.
9805	“With so many eligible organizations—more than 1 million globally—our ability to have an impact was often spread too thin.”
9806	With stories of magic, adventure and infinite possibilities, the series might've seemed at home within ; however, the company missing out on the Wizarding World saved the franchise.
9807	With such long winters in Idaho, escaping to a warm beach might be what you need to relax and forget about work.
9808	With the 200-hour moving average providing support below and the 100-hour moving average presenting resistance above, traders will be monitoring for the next decisive move in either direction.
9809	With the assistance of the National Police Air Service (NPAS) helicopter and dog unit, a man in his 30s was arrested at around 8.40pm in the Broomfield area in connection with the incident and remains in police custody.
9810	With the avalanche of conflict in America and worldwide, we need a 21st-century model that incorporates the use of internet tools, and, most importantly, a new interdisciplinary, human-resource-rich, approach to assisting the conflicted among us.
9811	With their manoeuvrability and capability of reaching occluded metropolitan areas, drones are ideal for timely deliveries, disaster relief efforts, and medical supplies to remote regions.
9812	With the launch of a pilot program, Japan becomes the latest global economy to join the CBDC race as central banks worldwide develop their digital currencies to upgrade financial systems and facilitate domestic and international payments.
9813	With the microphone in her hand and a smile on her face, Kingston explained that years ago, Chinese men in America would say to one another at the start of the New Year, “’Make a lot of money,’ because, well, we’re capitalist not communist.”
9814	With the new model, it also saw a price hike — the Standard Edition remains the same at $499.99, its Digital Edition sees a noticeable hike to $449.99, a far cry from its original $399.99 price tag.
9815	With the regular parliament session beginning next week, the opposition and liberal media will likely resume criticizing the Kishida administration as if nothing happened in Washington.
9816	With the right support and mindset, you can overcome the challenges of caregiving and make the most of your time with your loved one.
9817	With the score tied 7-7 at the half, New Bremen took a 14-7 lead early in the third quarter on a 5-yard rushing touchdown.
9818	With the theme " Intelligent Manufacturing for a Better Future " the Convention will unveil a 20,000-square-meter themed exhibition hall and a 60,000-square-meter market-centric exhibition zone.
9819	With the transfer window now open, I’ll be interested to see whether the manager gets the opportunity to bring some new faces in.
9820	With the usability of Ethereum (ETH) consistently evolving, Ethereum (ETH) could offer better returns than Bitcoin (BTC) during the next bull market, even if it doesn’t match Bitcoin’s (BTC) huge price tag.
9821	With the win, the Flyers now turn their attention to Friday’s semifinal at 7:40 p.m. when they will play the winner of Ridgeline-Layton Christian.
9822	With the world striking a new ice age, the player has to govern a varied group of survivors in a harsh climate that punishes frailty and poor leadership.
9823	With this information, you should now have a better idea of which 16 GB RAM brands are best for your gaming needs.
9824	With this introductory course, users can learn to use machine learning in Python.
9825	“With this latest release, we have closed that gap so that our customers who might otherwise have needed a standalone VDR can now get everything they need through a single, intuitive content platform.
9826	With this method, you can use your laptop or desktop computer to stream your favorite content directly to your old TV.
9827	With this power, LOLtron will be able to take on Darth Vader and finally take control of the galaxy.
9828	With Tucows Domains, I am more excited than I have been for years.
9829	With two-in-five Americans supporting the proposal that the Monday after the Super Bowl should be a holiday, that is probably a good idea.
9830	With U.S.-Chinese relations at their lowest point in half a century and few indications of de-escalation, several defense contractors in China are reporting billions in revenue from weapons sales to the government.
9831	Witnesses, paramedics and physicians expected he'd suffocate to death because of the broken ribs around his chest, which can hinder breathing.
9832	Witnesses said Escamilla and Ruiz were trying to help someone who was reportedly with the gunman.
9833	WK Kellogg is expected to start trading on October 2 after the business split from Kellogg Company ().
9834	Wolverine Asset Management LLC boosted its holdings in Stride by 124.1% in the first quarter.
9835	Wolves improved in the second half and saw a goal chalked off by VAR, before West Ham made sure of the three points with a well-worked move, finished off by Jarrod Bowen.
9836	Wolves kicked off their National League season with a 2-1 win at Derby last week thanks to goals from Ellie Wilson and Amber Hughes.
9837	“Women in Scotland should be free to live without fear of harassment and abuse.
9838	Wong committed to West Virginia, accepting a combination of athletic and academic scholarship funding.
9839	Wood said: "Looking good."
9840	Wooster Corthell Wealth Management Inc.’s holdings in Apple were worth $1,636,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC.
9841	Workers and supporters of the Writers Guild of America picket outside Sunset Bronson Studios and Netflix Studios, after union negotiators called a strike for film and television writers, in Los Angeles, California, U.S., May 3, 2023.
9842	Workers in raspberry and strawberry harvesting jobs, whose minimum wage is based on their output, will make at least $4.53 and $1.21 per kilogram, respectively, which also represent increases of seven per cent.
9843	Workers strike against Detroit’s Big Three—, and Stellantis—escalated into its third week on Friday.
9844	Working on behalf of Hearst, geologist Francis Wolcott () is one of Deadwood's most dangerous residents.
9845	Working with the Department for Education (DfE) through a new joint board set up as part of the 'trailblazer' deal which gives him more influence over education, Mr Burnham wants to roll out the Manchester Baccalaureate (MBacc) by September 2024.
9846	“Work on the ORC license will continue, with an expected first draft to release for comment to participating publishers in February.”
9847	Work will begin soon according to plan.
9848	World Halal Food Festival returns to London for eighth.
9849	Worldwide promotion budget for "Tourist," a feature film depicting heroic Russian mercenaries who save an African government from local bandits and European elites, including ads on TikTok, YouTube, and Google — 29 million rubles, or roughly $300,000.
9850	Worryingly, the group “takes the view that the current crisis is a permanent new reality”.
9851	Worse than that, they told the people that reported it to not say anything.
9852	Worst farm fire in a decade kills 18,000 dairy cowscbsnews.
9853	Would he serve out a sentence in a plush home confinement?
9854	Wrangell’s borough assembly has joined the chorus of Southeast communities condemning a lawsuit filed by a Seattle-based environmental organization that threatens to shut down the Southeast king salmon troll fishery.
9855	Wrapped in foil, it was easy to handle.
9856	Wrexham is the location."
9857	Writer and lover of the art of film and television.
9858	Writing in The Mail on Sunday, he said that he felt compelled to act because of the ‘use of race to smear the Royal Family’ – and proposes to revive laws that could pave the way to making the couple plain Mr and Mrs Sussex.
9859	Writing in The Times, Mr Hunt said Mr Biden was leading a “distortive” global subsidy race, arguing that the long-term solution to the threat of protectionism was “not subsidy but security”.
9860	WSN sat down with singer-songwriter Nick Rattigan to talk about his latest album’s stylistic shift, current musical influences and future projects.
9861	WVU women's basketball coach Mark Kellogg throws out a ceremonial first pitch.
9862	Wyner says she spoke with Vosburgh just days before his death.
9863	Xarelto for prevention and treatment of blood clots and risk reduction related to coronary or peripheral artery disease.
9864	Xenosamples are crucial to players that want to research new technology or get upgrades, but how do players go about finding these Xenosamples?
9865	Xiaomi’s offline push comes months after it lost its leadership position to Samsung, which had a much bigger portfolio of premium phones now in vogue.
9866	XP worked more or less fine.
9867	Xterio Foundation was founded in Switzerland with a council and a team of technology and entertainment leaders with deep free-to-play games experience.
9868	Y’all just don’t want the negative connotations and experiences that come with it (ex: expats vs. immigrant, birth tourism vs. anchor baby)," the user wrote.
9869	Yankees: LHP Carlos Rodón (strained left forearm) had a CT scan of his back, which has bothered him during the past week.
9870	Yaselli would then receive American Airlines frequent-flyer miles on top of Amex travel reward points.
9871	Yeah, TOTALLY someone else's fault that she got so pissed drunk she drove a car the wrong way down a one way street, crashed into house, severed a gas line and caused the house to blow up.
9872	Years later (last year), I was searching for alternative ways to prevent indigestion.
9873	Yep, the Jets wide receiver said, the Kansas City Chiefs linebacker has them pegged.
9874	Yes, and much of the work is already done.
9875	Yes, both wifi and cell phone data work for online gambling.
9876	Yes … But I don’t think it was the only factor in terms of us losing seats within ridings that had a high (Chinese Canadian) population,” the advisor said in a recent interview.
9877	Yes, everything old is new again.
9878	“Yes, I do brag about the fact that we have an $80 million surplus,” Mayor Lula Davis-Holmes said during this week’s council meeting.
9879	Yes, if by "some" you mean "most."
9880	Yes it's relatively small but still large enough for a secondary bedroom or kid's room.
9881	Yes, I’ve met King Charles when he was Prince of Wales and William and Harry came to one of my concerts when they were young.
9882	"Yesterday I didn't play very well but putted really well," the 38-year-old said.
9883	Yes, the most powerful have exempted themselves from age limits, much like kings and queens.
9884	Yes, there may be a few retirees who will have a lot of money in their funds, but it got there by hard work and not a closed system.
9885	Yes, this year, we do not have one we're dealing with that is material to our revenue.
9886	Yes, we would be inconvenienced but we would also be blessed with new life.
9887	Yet as any Amazon user who checks delivery status knows, many drivers are required to take — and post — photos of the delivery right at the front door to prove they left it there in case ” porch pirates ” strike.
9888	Yet, beyond the gifts and festivities, Christmas for Filipinos is about unboxing what truly brings them joy—the gift of togetherness with friends and loved ones.
9889	Yet, don’t assume that it’s wise to buy ALLY stock the dip.
9890	Yet, in a century of research, archaeologists have found no evidence of a ruling class in the Indus Valley that is comparable to those recovered in other early complex societies.
9891	Yet, later in the hearing, he said NASA and its partners needed to get to the lunar south polar region, thought to harbor deposits of water ice, before China arrived and claimed them.
9892	Yet they're the butt of the joke and it's mocked that Austin would ever see one of them as Cinderella.
9893	Yet, this isn’t as much a concern, given that in the long term, if the share of retail protection increases, VNB margins may also increase from the current levels.
9894	Ynysddu residents are expected to be kept updated on work being done at the quarry via letters.
9895	Yogis keep their eye on a pig participant during a fundraiser at Pigsburgh Squealers Rescue in Frazer.
9896	Yom Kippur is also called the Day of Atonement as it is a time when Jews seek to expiate their sins and achieve reconciliation with God.
9897	Yorkshire Live revealed yesterday the 21-year-old is on Paul Heckingbottom's radar but they face competition from several clubs, who are believed to have thrown their hat into the ring after the decision to allow him out in this window put clubs on alert.
9898	Yoshida departed the Italian club in 2022 to join Schalke in the Bundesliga and he then moved to LA Galaxy a year later.
9899	You access ChatGPT online, but the tool relies on a database with information before 2021.
9900	YOU are rich already, you could retire now and live a luxurious life.”
9901	You are transforming people’s lives even if you are unaware of it.
9902	You are trusting someone to surgically put something into your body.
9903	You better have somebody that can hold the line on our conservative principles, but somebody that can build bridges to unaffiliated voters, and to new communities.
9904	You can also enjoy a spicy cheese dipping sauce without having to cook it yourself.
9905	You can donate to Mr Corlett's fundraiser through the Project Impossible page on Lifeline's website: https://fundraise.
9906	You can expect the usual side-splitting from Kevin Fearon's script.
9907	You can find out more about her creations at Inishowen Moss on Instagram at Inish Moss and on Facebook at https://www.
9908	You can find us on iTunes here: http://itunes.
9909	"You can fish all the way through to 11am Sunday morning.
9910	You can freeze or lock your credit report through their websites or dedicated apps: You’ll also want to place a fraud alert on your credit report.
9911	You can get your bonus by playing crypto casino games and earning Welcome Bonus points.
9912	You can only build on it,” he stated.
9913	"You can probably get a lot free help for baling hay," a second said.
9914	You can say you won't do it again, get arrested while on bail, do whatever you want, and you know what?
9915	“You can see how hard Alexandria is trying to listen compassionately across the lines of this conflict,” said Brad Lander, the left-leaning New York City comptroller who is the highest-ranking Jewish city official.
9916	“You can see the trail of water seeping from the garbage into some people’s apartments.”
9917	You can sign as many star strikers as you want, but if you have a leaky defense, you’ll suffer in the long term.
9918	You can still be living with him but he won’t support you financially anymore.
9919	You can’t drink, you can’t eat whatever you want, of course you can’t smoke, and if despite fasting you are lucky enough to have something inside you that can be urinated, you are obliged to tell the nurse before heading to the bathroom.
9920	You can’t invent fresh explanations of goodwill, saying the same thing.
9921	You can't make him change into a person he's not and never has been.'
9922	“You can’t say anything else; it absolutely is," Rowley told the BBC.
9923	You can watch and stream Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith on Disney Plus.
9924	You couldn’t define which season we were getting on a daily basis, and as a gardener, I was duped into getting everything started early.
9925	You could then do the Disney+ add on (with ads) for $2.
9926	You don’t have to know exactly what the future holds to know that some people will handle it better than others.
9927	You don’t have to watch”.’
9928	You don't know what you're talking about.
9929	You don't need to have a familiarity with the material to enjoy this performance.
9930	You get a cooked breakfast in the pub too.
9931	You guys just announced this festival you’re doing called Camp Greensky that’s happening at Eldborg Hall in Reykjavik, Iceland from June 3 – 5. Is this your first time doing this?
9932	"You have a few mental breakdowns every now and then but it doesn't matter how those are, it matters how you respond.
9933	You have a real love for Blessed Chiara Badano, a light to so many during her own suffering, and one of the patrons of this World Youth Day.
9934	You have the desire, but how do you go about it?
9935	‘You have to deal with them but it’s one of the best teams in the league at doing that.
9936	You have to remember that foreign authorities are always involved and have their own responses.
9937	You have until 12:00 BST or 07:00 EST.
9938	You hope that that would have a greater impact on historically disadvantaged groups and we have seen that for periods of time.
9939	You just never think it’s going (to) be you”
9940	You know: it’s good.
9941	You know, Kevin Owens caught my eye really early when a lot of people didn’t believe in him.
9942	You know that feeling when you have chocolate, and you don’t really want to swallow it, you just want to let it stay in your mouth?
9943	“You know, there is a simple solution to all of this.
9944	“You know you’re right and the other side is a bunch of misguided weirdos.
9945	You’ll be doing flips for the rousing tale of Jack Kelly, a charismatic newsboy and leader of a band of young newsies in Manhattan.
9946	You’ll be sent a ‘civil penalty notice’ if you’re found liable and you’ll have 28 days to respond.
9947	“You’ll get 10yrs for that rats tail,” a third joked.
9948	You’ll remember me from when we met last year on the TV show of our mutual friend Laura Kuenssberg (I’m sure it was the most significant event of your 2022 - just a joke!
9949	You may already be feeling down because you are not accepted by your family or other kids at school.
9950	You may also want to take some time to focus on a particular family member.
9951	You may have felt a brief sense of accomplishment after you held your sibling below water for ten seconds, but the peace you had felt was ruined.
9952	You might need to adjust your plans, so they fit in with a budget.
9953	You must continue to act in harmony with your intentions and maintain consistency in your endeavors.
9954	You need cold and active.
9955	You need to be on the tickets page on the Glastonbury website at precisely 6pm on 16 November, or 9am on 19 November for general sale.
9956	You need to do better, awon werey.
9957	You need to give me a reason to care and that wasn’t the case here.
9958	Young At Heart’s presence, especially online, has grown since 2021.
9959	Young female members of the scandal-hit Red Arrows were warned they could become a 'notch on a crew member's bedpost', insiders of the famed flying force have revealed.
9960	Young women going through awkward parts of puberty while holding on to female friendships and role models for strength are some recurrent themes from which young adults can learn.
9961	‘You obviously don’t want to do that but we needed to get the full-back on.
9962	You only have a rifle, not an AR-15.
9963	You probably already know the answer, but that doesn't make the film any less wonderful.
9964	Your best chance was in 2021 but your defense and special teams blew it.
9965	You realized it was a terrible mistake, but you never told your husband because you knew he'd either divorce you or demand that you find a new job.
9966	"You're going down with the City," is the chant from the away section'
9967	“You're not likely to see the price increase in a month, or two months, or six months, at least before the next model year” in late summer, Schuster said.
9968	Your purchase also includes the necessary USB-C cable and charging dock.
9969	You said this was what?
9970	You see, at the beginning of the animated Pixar movie, the Monsters from Monstropolis collect energy by scaring children at night.
9971	“You see this in nursing, as well,” she said.
9972	You start by talking about this idea of letting go, which is often ingrained in our concept of what grief is supposed to look like.
9973	'You start deliberating, going through the evidence and everybody was pretty much talking.
9974	You think a man who blew up a church in an act of terro—uh, revolution is going to ever half-ass your birthday or not appreciate the big moments of your lives together?
9975	“You try and go back to reset, and you can’t.
9976	You try to put it into perspective, try to remember you’re capable.
9977	YouTube has rolled out a bunch of new features for premium users on iOS and Android apps including the ability to add videos in a queue, and watch content together via Meet live sharing/ shareplay, 1080p HD video support, and smart downloads.
9978	You've been waiting for this one…and you'll never guess where it goes!
9979	You’ve just got to realise that you shouldn’t compare yourself to anyone else.”
9980	You’ve just reached the end of Aries season, which means you’ve done a lot of thinking about how much you’ve grown as a person over the past year!
9981	You’ve seen it before.
9982	You were the treasure in our hearts you were loved in every way, now you're gone you are truly missed each and every day.
9983	"You won't see a more dangerous challenge all season, could have killed him," one supporter wrote.
9984	Yuan Pay Group is a trading platform, but it also helps new cryptocurrency users understand the patterns of bitcoin and cryptocurrency as a whole.
9985	Yu estimates that a bitcoin spot ETF could propel bitcoin's price by almost 75% within a year, attracting over $14 billion of inflows.
9986	Yujiro Hanma is the main antagonist series.
9987	Yup, the US/Mexico/Puerto Rico, etc teams (whichever Japan ends up facing) are likely to be tougher opponents than Italy.
9988	Yusuf M Lawal as National Coordinator (North) While Chief Mark Wabara National Secretary (South East).
9989	Yvonne Makolo, RwandAir CEO, said: “London is an incredibly important market for RwandAir, so we are incredibly excited to be adding direct daily flights from our home in Kigali to London Heathrow.
9990	Zac Efron dons a shaggy wig and a pair of tiny shorts and hits the wrestling ring.
9991	ZAMMSA is expected to receive 7000 kits June 2023-month end.
9992	Zbur, who from 2014 through 2021 led the LGBTQ rights group Equality California, was elected to the California state assembly in November.
9993	Zephaniah McLeod killed Jacob Billington, 23, and attacked his pal as well as stabbing six other random members of the public in a terrifying 90-minutes last September.
9994	“Zero and low-tax rate countries should be automatically blacklisted, and European countries should face the same level of scrutiny.
9995	Zoosk is an excellent foreign seeing site that provides a no cost sign up.
9996	ZUPCO conductor was Thursday brought before a Bulawayo magistrate charged with fraud following cases in which he issued passengers with blank tickets while pocketing the fares.
9997	Zurcher Kantonalbank Zurich Cantonalbank now owns 4,938 shares of the industrial products company’s stock worth $160,000 after acquiring an additional 1,087 shares in the last quarter.
9998	Zygar is the founding editor-in-chief of the liberal TV news channel Dozhd, and the author of a bestselling book on Putin’s vertical system, All the Kremlin’s Men, based on interviews with well-informed insiders.
9999	┬а “A big number of structures demolished were sea-facing premises where anyone can land without being noticed by our marine and coastal security agencies.
10000	┬аSince Hamas killed 1,200 people and captured 240 hostages on Oct. 7 in the deadliest day in Israeli history, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has responded with an assault that has laid much of Hamas-ruled Gaza to waste.
